<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <title>Introduction</title>
  <link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
  <section data-parent="book-2" id="book-2-introduction" epub:type="introduction">
    <h3 epub:type="title">Introduction</h3>

    <p>Welcome to Book Two of Dodging Prison and Stealing Witches.</p>

    <p>*Read in deep baritone voice*</p>

    <p>Previously⁠ ⁠…</p>

    <p>Harry Potter has come back in time to stop the Dark Lord winning⁠—to remake the wizarding world how&#160;<em>he</em>&#160;wants it. To help him stay out of Azkaban, Death and Fate gave him a lordship, and Harry became Lord Slytherin. Keeping his time travel secret, Harry used the knowledge and skills he learned from Voldemort to amass a small fortune, smuggling drugs in the muggle world.</p>

    <p>As Lord Slytherin, he befriended the Greengrasses, and took the reins of the neutral faction, rebranding them the Gray, and saving them from assimilation by the Dark and the Light.</p>

    <p>And as Harry, he started gathering a group of witches to become the core of his many hidden plans. He became betrothed to Daphne Greengrass, who loves exploring and could put Machiavelli to shame. He vassaled Hermione Granger, who applied her viscous intellect to the magical&#160;<em>and</em>&#160;the social side of the wizarding world. He become the future consort of Luna Lovegood, who is as mysterious as she is devoted. He made inroads to befriending Alexandra Black, whose ambitions and frustrations make her prickly to friend and foe alike. And he snatched up Ginny Weasley, who has come to see her former crush as the archetype of everything she loathes.</p>

    <p>That crush was Harry’s twin brother, John Potter, who was given a chance to come back in time to defeat Voldemort, but really messed it up. Harry’s travelling back three years before him changes a lot, and time-traveller John now deals with a world very different to how he remembers it from&#160;<em>his</em>&#160;original time line.</p>

    <p>Now, Harry, Daphne, and Hermione are off to Hogwarts, with their sights firmly set on the legendary artefact that could easily fund a dozen wars. But will all go according to plan?</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>