<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <title>LIX</title>
  <link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
  <section id="chapter-59" epub:type="chapter">
    <div class="group meta">
      <h3 class="heading">Nature Red⁠ — Part 3</h3>
    </div>

<!--chapter content-->

    <div class="userstuff">
      <p>In Hermione’s trunk, in the girl’s dorm-room, Harry sat at his new conjured meeting table. It was a round table. Very Arthurian.</p>

      <p>Over the last few years, each of the girls around this table had proven themselves loyal to him, in one way or another, again and again. He could imagine many other ways that he could’ve operated after he came back in time, but sitting here and watching the girls debate and argue among themselves, he wouldn’t change a single thing. He felt no need to interrupt the heated discussions. He just listened, considering each point of view on its merits, while parsing it through his own practical modus operandi.</p>

      <p>“We need to restrict Virgo’s movements,” Hermione said loudly, thumping her fist on the table with unusual forcefulness. “This whole situation is getting ridiculous. People keep looking at me as though I’m some kind of assassin! Me! Alex I could understand, or Ginny! But me! When did I ever do anything to make them think I’m capable of attacking that no-good horrible pile of—”</p>

      <p>She would have continued, but she was interrupted by Ginny. “—We can’t just restrict her movements. I already told you. I’ve been trying to get a bead on her all month! She’s never alone. She never leaves Susan’s side outside of Gryffindor Tower, and even inside, she has a small bodyguard all around her. Even Fred and George can’t get close.”</p>

      <p>“That wouldn’t be much help anyway,” Luna added in a dreamy voice. “Not unless we told them that Virgo was Lord Voldemort. I doubt they would accept kidnapping her otherwise. And you did attack and defeat a troll, Hermione. Did you forget? And you faced down Dumbledore. Because most people have not forgotten.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not the same thing at all! And it’s just getting worse! Are we sure we can’t just tell people it’s Virgo?”</p>

      <p>Daphne sighed. “Hermione, we don’t know how Virgo is doing this. She shouldn’t be able to speak parseltongue. Not if Harry was right about the magic being parsed down through the Riddle line. The diary gave up being a Riddle for being a Malfoy when it became Virgo. It’s not even impossible that the snake isn’t being used. We haven’t caught it, and not even the Marauder’s Map is giving any clues, despite us watching it 24/7! There are other ways to cause petrification. Until we know what’s going on, accusing Virgo isn’t possible. It might not even be the best option, even if we&#160;<em>did</em>&#160;know.”</p>

      <p>Harry continued to watch the discussion with his fingers steepled under his chin. Since Hermione had found his twin brother petrified with a threatening message above his head, two more students had suffered the same fate.</p>

      <p>The second attack had been on Colin Creevey, one of the muggleborns Hermione was working with.</p>

      <p>The third attack had been on Draco Malfoy.</p>

      <p>That was when shit had really started to hit the fan at Hogwarts. Lord Malfoy stormed into the Great Hall, demanding Mandrake from Professor Sprout that still wasn’t ready. The Daily Prophet had run an article about the attacks, the ministry had gotten involved, and the Wizengamot, now backed by both the Light and Dark, had made a statement decrying the attacks as intolerable.</p>

      <p>It was all so inconvenient. There was so much outside the school that required his attention.</p>

      <p>There was the furnishing of Slytherin Manor, the continued observation of Dan Granger’s new powers, the surveying of the sunken treasure ship, regular social events with the Gray, fielding investment opportunities, working with Lockhart on the upcoming book, researching the obscurial, fielding requests from governments about his broomsub manufacturing operation, dealing with parchment work, and finding more and more ways to politely deal with a miriade requests for betrothal contracts.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Those were mostly for Lord Slytherin, but they also included Tracey and even Astoria. Tracey was understandable, since Lord Davis had made it known that Slytherin was handling his grand daughter’s arrangements, but Astoria had been a surprise ever since the Harpers had asked the previous year. Apparently, many people felt he had enough sway over the leadership of the Gray that a word from him on their sons behalf would be as good as a done deal.</p>

      <p>He forwarded all&#160;<em>those</em>&#160;letters to Lord Greengrass.</p>

      <p>Both Tracey and Astoria’s letters had started to take on a more foreign flavor recently, too. The Gray’s standing as a legitimate power was strengthening, not only in Magical Britain, but also beyond its borders.</p>

      <p>It all just made the current situation all the more irksome. If he was being honest, he rather hoped his generals would be able to handle this matter by themselves.</p>

      <p>He brought his attention back to the discussion in front of him to find the girls still arguing.</p>

      <p>“What about the Aurors?” Ginny asked. “Couldn’t we bring them in? They might have good ways to deal with a such a large basilisk.”</p>

      <p>“That would cause a massive panic,” Daphne jumped in. “The school would be evacuated. Harry could lose his control of the wards.”</p>

      <p>“And we might have to give up the body!” Alex added.</p>

      <p>Hermione snorted. “Do you really think you could raise such a ridiculously powerful inferi?”</p>

      <p>“I could with Lord Slytherin’s help.”</p>

      <p>Harry pursed his lips. Even if these attacks didn’t originate from the basilisk, the mere presence of the giant snake had gone beyond mere inconvienance. They’d put off doing something about it as long as they could. But now circumstances were coming to a head.</p>

      <p>“Okay,” Harry said out loud, silencing all discussion around the table. “Daphne, I will be out of the castle for the next few days. I’d like you to lead some brainstorming session for how to tackle the Basilisk. In the meantime, Ginny, keep tailing Virgo. Try not to let her out of your sight.” Harry looked at each of the girls in turn before taking a deep breath. “We’ll do it on the day of the Hogwarts duelling tournament.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Just as it had been ever since the attacks had started, over the next few days, Hogwarts castle was in tumult. Students whispered, ghosts flew constantly alert, and the professors tried their best to keep their classess focused on academics, rather than on the two questions on every’s mind.</p>

      <p>Who was the attacker? And who would be the next attacked?</p>

      <p>The fact that two of the victims were John Potter and Draco Malfoy, two of the most important students in the school, sent chills through the noble and pureblood students. The shared fate of Colin Creevey did the same for the muggleborn and halfbloods.</p>

      <p>The Hogwarts Black Market bustled with trade, hawking everything from garlic in case the attacker was a vampire, to shrunken live roosters, in case it was a basilisk. It was too bad the later only worked on young examples.</p>

      <p>Opinions on who was to blame, both inside the castle and out, fell into three broad camps.</p>

      <p>The first group was those who took the message painted at the wall at face value. The Gray did it. Case closed. Look, they even confessed. It’s written right there!</p>

      <p>The second group pointed out that it would be pretty silly for the Gray to confess to a crime like this. Lord Slytherin was many things to many people, but stupid was not one of them. The Gray was obviously being framed. Although exactly who was doing the framing when both John Potter and Draco Malfoy had been attacked was, they had to admit, a bit of a problem.</p>

      <p>The third group just shook their heads and rolled their eyes. Obviously it was possible that the Gray were being framed. But writing a message taking credit for an attack like this was so obviously stupid that it could actually be the Gray who did it. Once the conclusion of a double bluff had been drawn, it easily led to the possibility of a triple bluff, a quadruple bluff, etc. At the end of the day, it could be anyone, and since no one from the Gray had&#160;<em>been</em>&#160;attacked, it could easily have been them.</p>

      <p>The problem for the Gray was that the majority of Wizarding Britain tended to fall into the first group of thought, while most of those who mattered fell into the last.</p>

      <p>It went without saying, that tensions, in every common room across the school, were high.</p>

      <p>Tensions were especially high for a young witch with yellow and black trimming on her robes, sitting in the Hufflepuff common room, doing her best to ‘act natural’, and finding she wasn’t all that good at it.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Susan,” Hannah said, “You need to relax, nothing’s going to happen to us here. They’ll catch whoever’s behind the attacks soon. And then your aunt will toss them into Azkaban. Bam!”</p>

      <p>Susan barely suppressed a flinch. The collar of her robes felt far tighter than usual. “Hahaha,” she said. “Yes, I guess you’re right. I’m not really that worried,” she lied. “I’m just feeling a bit stressed out from the student court stuff.” The first session had been held a few days previously and to no one’s surprise, every problem brought before the three judges were petty cases of teenage drama. In one fell swoop, Susan had been catapulted right into the number one target for gossip. So it was understandable if she was a bit stressed. Even if that wasn’t the real reason.</p>

      <p>“Jeez,” said Ernie Macmillan. “I never thought I’d see a seventh year crying over being dumped on a Hogsmede trip. He’s almost a grown up.”</p>

      <p>“But you severed him justice, Susie!” Hannah said, clapping her friend on the back. “No means no, and not, ‘please hex my pet cat to beltch itching powder in my clothes.’”</p>

      <p>“Haha, yes,” said Susan.</p>

      <p>The sofa fell quiet.</p>

      <p>Hannah’s face softened. “Don’t worry, Susie, I’m sure John will be cured and back with as soon.”</p>

      <p>For the first time in the discussion, Susan felt something other than guilt. Her heart clenched. She fondly muttered under her breath. “That idiot.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“Hey, Black!”</p>

      <p>It was in-between classes. Alex was on her way to potions when the aggressive voice called her. She stopped dead with several books held to her chest.</p>

      <p>She wasn’t alone. Pansy, Nott, Crabbe, Goyle, and Millicent walked with her. They also stopped.</p>

      <p>The group turned.</p>

      <p>Alex did not.</p>

      <p>“Creswell, what a surprise,” said Pansy in a mocking voice. “Are you sure you can afford to take time off making cheese to talk to us? Our time is very valuable.”</p>

      <p>Alex smirked to herself. Creswell? She was the fourth year Hufflepuff seed for the duelling tournament. Her lord had showed her his memory from their ‘exchange’ last year, if such a curbstomping could be called an exchange.</p>

      <p>“Go away, Parkinson. I’m not hear to talk to you, I’m hear to talk to Black. Hey, Black!”</p>

      <p>Alex still didn’t turn around. “Can I help you?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“No, I don’t need your help. I just wanted to give you a warning. I’m sure Harry has told you all about what happened last year at the tournament. I just warning you that won’t happen again!”</p>

      <p>“Harry?” Alex let an amused tint into her voice. “Not Potter? Wow, did you feel his smack down&#160;<em>that</em>&#160;hard?”</p>

      <p>There an embarrassed silence for a moment.</p>

      <p>Alex finally turned around to face the fourth-year Hufflepuff. She was athletic, as was to be expected, a half-dozen inches taller than Alex, and wore her strawberry blonde hair in a ponytail.</p>

      <p>The girl was actually blushing. “Look, Black, I know you think you’re hot shit, but let me tell you, compared to Harry, you are nothing. I’ve been hearing rumors that you want to do what Harry and John did last year. A full sweep 7-0. That is not happening. The Hufflepuff team has been practicing hard all year. Trying to fight Harry is like trying to fight a force of nature. You clearly have never felt Harry’s power yourself or you would never be spewing such self-important rubbish.”</p>

      <p>Alex’s smirk slowly morphed into a grin. “You think I haven’t felt ‘Harry’s’ power?” She burst out laughing. The laughter went on for so long that even Nott and Pansy started looking at her oddly. “Was this really all you came to talk to me for?” she eventually asked. “To shit talk a week before I smack your ass down into the dirt myself?” Her grin morphed back into a smirk “Maybe then I can get you to blush for me too.”</p>

      <p>Creswell did not look impressed. “You won’t be talking so big once you’re on your knees on the arena floor after losing to Heiress Bones. If you even get to me, I’ll eat my hat.”</p>

      <p>“It won’t be me on my knees,” Alex answered. “And I don’t care about your hat.” She smiled smugly. “Why don’t we make a bet, instead. If you’re so sure about winning?</p>

      <p>The fourth year Hufflepuff narrowed her eyes. “What kind of bet?”</p>

      <p>A few minutes later they shook hands and parted.</p>

      <p>As they went their separate ways, Pansy leaned in closer to Alex and said in a low voice, “Did none of them see the memory of what you did to the Slytherin Common Room at the start of year?”</p>

      <p>“Most people think that was fake now,” answered Nott in a low voice of his own. He gave Alex a calculating look. “Now you’ll have to prove yourself for real. Are you sure you can back up that level of smack talk? You’re going to look really stupid if you can’t.” His voice took on a fiercer note. “<em>We’re</em>&#160;going to look stupid.”</p>

      <p>“Relax,” Alex said. “I got this. Hang on.” They were just passing the last bathroom before the dungeons. “I’ll catch up with you all. Yes, I’m sure.”</p>

      <p>The moment Alex knew she was alone, she faced the mirror and did the Dark Lady Dance. “Oh, yeah! Who’s so cool? You’re so cool. Yes, you are.”</p>

      <p>She then quickly did her business and hurried off to potions. Professor Potter had gotten a lot stricter in the last few weeks.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“You need time off for what?!”</p>

      <p>The head of the DMLE, Madam Amelia Bones, Regent of the Ancient and Noble House of Bones, looked over her parchment work at the man who’d just had the temerity to ask for less work when everyone else was being run ragged.</p>

      <p>“I need time off for the Hogwarts Dueling Tournament,” Sirius replied calmly.</p>

      <p>“Black, you know we’re still dealing with the fallout from the magical storm?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“And that the ISS is getting on out backs about our obligations to the obliviator squads?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“And that the Department of Mysteries is still insisting the storm birthed a Chimera, and we still don’t know where it is?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“And that despite it being over a year, we still have no leads on the rogue Necromancers that we&#160;<em>know</em>&#160;are active inside Magical Britain?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“And most importantly of all, that despite your secret contact insisting that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is still alive, that we still have no more leads on that either? You know all this?”</p>

      <p>Sirius took a deep breath. “Yes. But I promised Alex. We’ve barely had any time together recently. Honestly, it feels just like yesterday when she was still so tiny. She’s growing up fast now. I’ve decided I can’t miss this.”</p>

      <p>Madam Bones rubbed her face. “Don’t you think that I wouldn’t also enjoy taking a day off to watch Susan compete?”</p>

      <p>“Maybe you should. We could go together. We could even make sure no funny business goes down. You remember what happened last year.” He grinned. “You might as well have been there to begin with and saved the bother of being dragged there anyway.”</p>

      <p>A look of massive internal conflict flicked across Madam Bone’s face. Finally, she sadly shook her head. “I can’t justify taking a day off. Not now. Susan is a responsible witch though. She understands.” She then gave Sirius a thoughtful look. “Maybe you do have a point though. Given what happened last year, maybe having an official DMLE observer at the tournament wouldn’t be a bad idea.” Her voice became one of command. “Black, I’m putting you on special assignment at Hogawarts for the Duelling Tournament. Keep your eyes open and make sure everything is nice and legal.” She stamped a parchment in front of her and handed it over. “Talk to the Department of Magical Family Affairs to get a good ticket.”</p>

      <p>Sirius grinned. “Yes, Ma’am.” He turned to leave.</p>

      <p>“And Sirius?”</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“I think I should warn you, that if Alex meets Susan in the tournament, your daughter will not win.” she smiled evilly. “My niece has become quite a powerhouse.”</p>

      <p>Sirius matched her smile with one of his own. But he didn’t reply. He just quietly left the office, closing the door behind him.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Just behind the space between souls, Hermione Granger peeked her unusually bushy-haired head out of Hogwarts’ massive front doors, and stared into the void beyond.</p>

      <p>Total silence.</p>

      <p>Here, there wasn’t even a shifting of air.</p>

      <p>There was no echo. The sound of her footsteps were simply sucked right into the cavernous space ahead.</p>

      <p>Hermione took a deep breath and stepped out onto a stone balcony, fenced by tall iron railings.</p>

      <p>There was no soul bridge. Hermione Granger had nothing to bridge to.</p>

      <p>She did have strings though.</p>

      <p>They sunk into circular orbs that ran the distance around the iron railings – at least five of them that she’d found. There had been six, but the moment her dad became a magical null field, one of the strings had vanished.</p>

      <p>It had taken her quite a long time to confirm that, because the strings were not easy to detect. A few in particular, were so thin and wispy that they might as well not have been there at all.</p>

      <p>Not so for the one she cared for today.</p>

      <p>One string shooting off from her soul balcony shone bright white in the ever-darkness of the chasm. As Hermione stepped towards it, she felt the comforting feeling of rightness. Of goodness. And of an incomplete part of her that yearned to join.</p>

      <p>When Hermione reached the string, she placed a hand on the orb anchoring it to the balcony railings and closed her eyes.</p>

      <p>Magic flowed out from her mindscape behind her and into her avatar here. It flowed through her body and mind in a very specific pattern. Hermione took a deep breath. She did not say any words. She didn’t even think words. This went beyond the normal ritualistic casting of mere spells. Instead, she yearned, in turn. But what she yearned for, was not to join, but to know.</p>

      <p>In that instant, the chasm between souls vanished. Wind from a place unknown blasted past Hermione, whipping at her hair and skirts. The balcony stopped holding her weight, and the feeling of falling started, and just as quickly stopped. Then there was a tug, as though a hook was attached to the front of Hermione’s robes and she felt as though she was rocketing through space.</p>

      <p>All this while, Hermione repeated a mantra over and over in her mind. ‘I am Hermione Granger. I am Hermione Granger. I am Hermione Granger.’</p>

      <p>A pinprick of light far off in the distance got nearer and exponentially more massive in an instant. Hermione found herself floating in a sea of stars, orbiting a planet of pure white light. The feeling of goodness from her string washed over her from the orb, so massive it held her its gravity, but so near it was as though she could reach out and pluck it from among the stars.</p>

      <p>Hermione did nothing.</p>

      <p>She did not try to cast magic or play games from her mindscape. She merely starred at the purity and goodness before her.</p>

      <p>The moment didn’t last.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, her whole universe shuddered, sending magic star dust everywhere, as though someone had just knocked on a snow-globe while she was inside it.</p>

      <p>Hermione’s eyes snapped open.</p>

      <p>The space between souls was just as dark as ever.</p>

      <p>Hermione’s eyes snapped open.</p>

      <p>Her mind-scape was just as it always had been. The glass that showed the great lake in the Slytherin dorms, just as green and murky as she remembered.</p>

      <p>Hermione’s eyes snapped open.</p>

      <p>All around her, the Founders Club went about its business, just as it always did. Footsteps, voices, and laughter echoed off the stone walls. In the middle of the room, Violet and Marrigold Chesterfield were sparring with a ferocity that most in the Wizarding World would never expect to find in mere first years, and certainly not muggleborns. Off to one side, a small circle of students were in deep occlumency practice with their partners.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Hermione said, momentarily forgetting that well-brought-up, intelligent young witches don’t say, ‘Huh?’</p>

      <p>She turned her head to find Justin Finch-Fletchley lying bent on the ground, craning his shin, his face a rictus of pain. He was laying exactly how one might expect one who had tripped over, say, a chair leg. A small mountain of books lay around him.</p>

      <p>What had disturbed her exploration practice was as clear as day.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Hermione,” Justin groaned. “Wasn’t looking where I was going.”</p>

      <p>Hermione huffed. “You couldn’t have picked a worse time to be clumsy. And Madam Pince would be furious if she saw you handling library books like that.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry.” Justin rubbed the back of his head. “It’s just— I think we’re all a bit on edge. There’s so much going on.”</p>

      <p>That much at least was true. The activities of the Founders Club were always a strange mix of the practical, academic, philosophical, and political. But right now, all those aspects were overlapping each other. The scope of the club had long expanded beyond just the first and second years, and now their customary empty class room practically bustled. There were even a few halfbloods around — those who’d grown up mostly in the muggle world and knew little of traditional wizarding culture.</p>

      <p>Of course, not everyone was getting access to Harry’s special teaching techniques —&#160;not everyone had proven themselves yet, not like her —&#160;but the number was increasing.</p>

      <p>There was a feminine clearing of throat. It came from the portrait of Elizabeth Greengrass, hanging behind the two on the black board. The aristocratic witch glared down at Justin. “If you are quite finished being an embarrassment, perhaps we can get on?”</p>

      <p>Justin immediately leaped to his feet and started apologising again, this time to the portrait.</p>

      <p>A loud cheer erupted from the spectators around the middle of the room as Marigold—who was also the Hufflepuff first year dueling seed—successfully disarmed her twin sister with a wandless expeliarmus.</p>

      <p>Seeing just how red-faced Justin was, Hermione suddenly felt guilty for snapping at him. On the other hand, what was it Harry sometimes said? If you are always a source of pleasure, they will take your goodness for granted. If you are sometimes a source of pain, they will fight to keep your favor. Of course, Harry had gone on to say that most people had no idea if they were a source of either, and even fewer knew how to consciously create the effect.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t easy for her. She knew she wasn’t Daphne. Hermione had to work hard to think in terms of other people and the way they saw the world. It was just so difficult when the way they saw the world was so obviously wrong.</p>

      <p>Hermione cut Justin off just as a few other students arrived around the lectern Hermione had been sitting behind. “There is nothing to apologise for,” she said. “I should have been more careful.”</p>

      <p>In the middle of the room, Marigold got in a cheeky stunner on an over confident third year.</p>

      <p>After all, Hermione added in the privacy of her own mind, if Harry hadn’t meant her to explore at least this much in public, he wouldn’t have given her his blessing.</p>

      <p>Below the silk fabric of her robes, she felt the lightning-bolt-shaped dream amulet pressed firmly against her skin.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>In the Room of Requirement, another, far less equally matched battle raged. Bookcases reached high up to the vaulted roof. Broken desks blocked off escape paths. The very room molded itself to its mistresses’ whim. An explosion of magic sent dust flying from shelves.</p>

      <p>Susan crouched, panting in one of the narrow pathways, wand clutched tightly in hand. Her eyes darted up and down the path between the shelves. Sweat beaded on her forehead.</p>

      <p>There was a faint rumble form behind her. Her eyes widened in panic. She had just enough time to throw herself forward before a giant hand made of second-hand books thrust out from the shelf and snatched shut where she’d been just moments before.</p>

      <p>“Incendio!” Flames shot out from her wand and engulfed the paper and parchment hand. She didn’t stop to see the result. Already, more hands were sprouting. Susan dashed down the passageway as fast as her legs could take her.</p>

      <p>“Incendio! Incendio Incendio!” Susan threw herself around the nearest corner. A fist covered in fire grabbed for her but missed by barely a hair. Susan stumbled back and fell. Her wand clattered onto the ground only a foot away. Six paper hands shot out from the surrounding shelves.</p>

      <p>Susan rolled to the side and snatched up her wand. “Incendio Columna!” The effects were pronounced. A small firestorm sprang up around her. Wind roared in her ears. Heat scorched her skin. It seared away the paper fists making grabs at her through the flames.</p>

      <p>A few seconds later, the fires winked out.</p>

      <p>Susan got to her feet shakily. Her clothes were soaked with sweat. Her breath was ragged. Her chest heaved. Parts of her skin were shiny and the tip of her nose started to flake.</p>

      <p>A faint rustling sound was the only warning she got. Something large and papery dive bombed her from above. She had just enough to time to raise her wand and scream “Incendio!” but all that came out the end was a sad little ‘Phut’.</p>

      <p>A giant parchment butterfly barreled into her, sending her sprawling across the floor. Her wand clattered away again. Her robes tore. Her knees scrapped. The butterfly soared back into the air. Susan rolled over onto her hands and knees, wincing at the pain, and groaned. She coughed. blood spattered onto the flagstone floor.</p>

      <p>“Get up.” The voice came down from on high.</p>

      <p>Susan snarled before pain wiped it from her face again. She got one foot under her and raised herself on shaking legs. She craned her neck to look up.</p>

      <p>Virgo stood atop the shelf next to her. The paper butterfly on one arm and both their wands in hand. “Do you now see why learning the wandless summoning spell is important?” Virgo asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Susan ground out through clenched teeth.</p>

      <p>“Good.” Virgo tossed her wand back down.</p>

      <p>Susan managed the catch without dropping it.</p>

      <p>“And what else have we learned?”</p>

      <p>“That you are far more dark lord than you first let on. That or you just waited until John was petrified to show how much of a sadist you are!”</p>

      <p>Virgo’s look turned cold. “Voldemort would never risk teaching someone the way I am teaching you, Bones. And what we are doing now is the only way either of us will live. En Garde!”</p>

      <p>Susan had only enough time to raise her wand and summon a stray book from the smouldering piles that lay all around before a nasty looking purple spell impacted the tome and exploded in a hundred shredded pages.</p>

      <p>“I’m empty!” Susan screamed.</p>

      <p>“Deal with it.”</p>

      <p>Susan ran. She ran to get away from the curses. The hexes. The rain of offensive magic that poured down on her from the rafters above. She could feel her magic replenishing itself from her core. That little trickle of power that normally sloshed around inside her like a comforting hot water bottle. It wasn’t refilling nearly fast enough now though, and with every shield she had to throw up, her ability to evade the next spell lowered further and further.</p>

      <p>“Do you think an enemy will give you a break!” Virgo shouted down at her, following on behind, somehow managing to keep up while still only walking. “Do you think a battle is like a duel?! Do you think your aunt trains her aurors to fight with time limits and courtesy and a proper announcement like they were going to a ball?!”</p>

      <p>Susan screeched to a halt. She blocked another spell with a random tea tray and snapped around. “My aunt!” she started, face furious, panting to get her breath back. “My aunt would not drag innocent people into her political schemes!”</p>

      <p>Virgo stopped and looked down at her.</p>

      <p>“John was okay!” Susan continued. “He agreed to it! But Creevey didn’t! Even petrifying Draco wasn’t right!”</p>

      <p>Virgo didn’t look impressed. “You know they will suffer no long term harm. Once they are administered mandrake drought, they will as be as they always have been.”</p>

      <p>“And what about their education?! Creevey might have to be held back a year! It’s hard enough for muggleborns as it is! And not even Draco deserves having his hard work staying ahead stolen from him!”</p>

      <p>“Draco is my brother. I will decide what is best for him. This is war, Susan. John trusted us to fight for him while he is gone. We are doing what must be done. Once the time is right I can release the story to Skeeta and our task is done.” Virgo’s eyes cooled. “Or are you just terrified your aunt might learn the truth?”</p>

      <p>It was like the little first-year Gryffindor witch had punched her in the gut. And with an attack no shield could block.</p>

      <p>“What if you lose control of it?!” Susan shouted, defensively.</p>

      <p>“I will not lose control of it,” Virgo stated simply.</p>

      <p>“But how can you know that?! That thing is dangerous! Really dangerous!”</p>

      <p>“That’s why it is perfect. Not even Slytherin will attack it by himself.”</p>

      <p>“What if he tells the ministry?!”</p>

      <p>Virgo transformed into her lamia form and coiled herself down a pillar to the ground. “Then he would have to admit that he’d known about it for the last three yearsss and done nothing. We proved that when John was petrified and we received no blow-back.”</p>

      <p>“Or maybe he’s planning something and waiting for us to dig our own graves!”</p>

      <p>“Perhapsss,” Virgo replied. But it was clear from the look on her face that she didn’t believe it. She smirked. “Tell you what. If I lossse control of the basilisk, do whatever you want. I doubt I’d care at that point.”</p>

      <p>Susan spat blood off to the side and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand.</p>

      <p>Virgo raised her wand again. “Now, enough rest! Ssslytherin may be powerful, but magical creatures are the classic hard counter to powerful wizards. Ssstrike me!” Her voice raised into a shout. “And this time actually try!</p>

      <p>Susan screamed and charged.</p>

      <p>— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>Roughly a thousand kilometers away, one Jane Clearwell took a deep breath in front of her domitory mirror and checked her hair one last time. In her hand, she clutched a letter.</p>

      <p>“Oh, for pity’s sake,” said her room mate, Sarah, from her bed. “You look fine! You look better then ever!”</p>

      <p>Jane had to admit that this was true. There were several empty and expensive potion bottles on the bedside counter to prove it. She took another breath. “You’re right. You’re right,” she repeated. “Positive thoughts.” She hefted her satchel and walked to the door.</p>

      <p>“And remember to put in a word for me too!” Sarah called as Jane crossed over into the hallway.</p>

      <p>There weren’t many students around at this time of day. Jane made her way down the stairs of The Shoe towards Madam Goose’s office, somehow not sure if what was about to happen was real.</p>

      <p>“Come in,” Madam Goose called through the door when she knocked.</p>

      <p>This was only the second time Jane had ever seen Madam Goose’s office. The first time had been when she’d been enrolled. And that was almost seven years ago.</p>

      <p>Madam Goose looked up from her parchment work. “Ah, Miss Clearwell. I see you are ready.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Madam Goose.”</p>

      <p>The older woman looked over her glasses at her. “I hope you appreciate what an opportunity this is for you.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Madam Goose.”</p>

      <p>“Most students do not get the opportunity to work part time while they are studying.”</p>

      <p>“No, Madam Goose.”</p>

      <p>“You are to be back at school before lights out and if any of the teachers tell me your work is suffering I will see to it that this arrangement is pulled.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Madam Goose.” Jane found herself fiddling with the strap of her bag.</p>

      <p>Madam Goose steepled her fingers and leaned over her desk. “Just so we are clear about this. I want you to remember that you are representing not only yourself, but all The Shoe as well. Your success or failure here might be what keeps future students from enjoying similar opportunities. So I will accept nothing less than your best effort. I will be receiving regular reports from our partners on this little experiment. Do I make myself clear?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Madam Goose,” Jane practically squeaked. As if the pressure wasn’t already high enough.</p>

      <p>Madam Goose pointed to her personal floo. “Off you go, then. But I expect you to use the entrance hall floo in future.” She paused as though remembering something. “And while you’re there, please tell Clare that I’ll have to reschedule our next Tuesday appointment to Thursday.”</p>

      <p>Jane nodded. She walked to the floo, took a pinch of powder, flung it into the flames, stepped in, and, with a clear voice that sounded a lot more confident than she felt, called out, “Slytherin Manor!”</p>

      <p>The flames whooshed past her. The ride was the longest she’d ever experienced — from Southern England to the Scottish Orkneys. It made her far better appreciate just what Clare had to go through every single day.</p>

      <p>— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>Jane did not arrive in the residences on the third floor, as Harry was want to do. Nor did she arrive in at the entrance hall, as those who arrived for Slytherin Gala Night did. She instead arrived on the second floor on the left hand side of the manor, in the closed off section designated for the staff.</p>

      <p>Jane stepped out of the floo and was immediately struck by how empty the place felt. After seven years of living at The Shoe, with every wall covered in patch-work quilting, it was odd to find a magical building without so much as a painting on any of the walls.</p>

      <p>There was an empty desk in front of her, like one might expect a receptionist to sit at, but there was no chair, no shelves, no stationary, and most importantly, no actual receptionist.</p>

      <p>A cough that echoed around the hallway drew her attention to the only other presences in the room —&#160;two other wizards, both of whom looked young, like her, sitting on chairs in a corner. The fact that there was only one other chair clued her into what she was supposed to do now.</p>

      <p>“Hello,” she said nervously, folding her long skirt under her as she sat.</p>

      <p>“Morning.”</p>

      <p>“Hello.”</p>

      <p>No sooner had she sat down though, then a door opened and an older wizard walked in, causing her to practically jump out of the chair. She cursed herself.</p>

      <p>“Relax,” the man said in a clear voice that projected all around the echo hallway. He looked to be around middle age, although with wizards that could easily mean he was in his mid sixties. “We’ll have tea ready soon.” He smiled. “But we’ll have the tour first. Are you all ready?”</p>

      <p>They all nodded.</p>

      <p>“Excellent. My name is Daniel Granger. And if all goes well, I will be your new boss.”</p>

      <p>He confidently shook the two guy’s hands, then turned to her.</p>

      <p>Powerlessness. That was the feeling that swept over Jane the moment their palms touched. Mister Granger was tall. He was handsome. He clearly kept himself in shape. And the moment that his firm hand closed around hers, she felt about as in control of her own destiny as a leaf in the wind.</p>

      <p>She barely managed to squeak out her own introduction.</p>

      <p>Mister Granger nodded back with a smile and turned away. “Follow me.”</p>

      <p>A glance out of the window showed the island that Jane knew they were on.</p>

      <p>The wizard opened a door in the wall and led them down a set of spiral stairs. The stairs went down far further than the grass Jane had seen growing outside. Deep, deep underground. Eventually the reached a passageway that was far longer even than the descent they’d just endured. Their footsteps echoed endlessly as they walked in silence down the stone corridor.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for the walk,” Mister Granger said when they finally arrived at the end. “The goblins have agreed to install a mine cart eventually, but we’re waiting on the all clear from the king.”</p>

      <p>The three prospectives exchanged glances with each other before being led into the beyond. And for the first time since she’d arrived on the island, Jane actually felt like she was in a place of work.</p>

      <p>It was a vast underground cavern. Off to one side, a small lake was surrounded on one side by cave wall, and on another by wooden pier. Cables and pulleys hang from the ceiling. Strange machines hugged the walls all around. Brightly colored tape marked out zones on the floor. The smell of wood shaves came to her nose, mixed with the smell of the ocean. The sounds of raised voices mixed with the banging of hammers and the sizzling of welding tools.</p>

      <p>And in the middle of the huge space, lay three massive wooden cylindrical objects in various states of construction, lined with ornate metal plates and surrounded by iron scaffolding.</p>

      <p>It took Jane a moment to realize, with a jolt of surprise, that the dozen or so workers around the room, were goblins, and that the huge objects being built, each as long as a bendy bus, were broomsticks.</p>

      <p>“Our broomstick assembly area,” Mister Granger said waving to what to Jane looked like organized chaos. “We’re getting ready for a big order from the Americans so we’ve got plenty of work needed doing there.”</p>

      <p>“What are they using them for?” one of the guys asked.</p>

      <p>“Kelpie patrol in the great lakes is the stated official use. But we’re upgrading for other use cases as well.”</p>

      <p>They walked over to another area filled with tables, desks, chalk boards. “This is our research area,” Mister Granger said sweeping his hand across the mostly empty open office. “We’re currently working on upgrading our broomstick rings with additional charm work overlaying the runes, so that’s another area we’ll need help.”</p>

      <p>He gestured to the lake. “We’ve also got a deep sea project that’s going to need some able wands, and a we’re looking to upgrade our trunk engines, redesign our air scrubbers, and come up with a way to impart physical thrust through the bristles, charm the water canons. Yes?” This last question was directed at Jane who had her hand held up like a school child.</p>

      <p>“Umm, I don’t really know how to do any of that?” she said nervously, fully aware that this probably wasn’t the best thing to admit to what was basically a job interview. “Our school didn’t really teach stuff like this.” She was relieved that the two boys were nodding a murmuring along the same lines.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it,” Mister Granger said. “You’ll get on the job training. We’ll start you off with four or five basic charm spells. There are plenty of pieces that just need the same charm applied over and over again on-top of the runes. We would have brought you in earlier, but we’ve been working on a system to ensure the security of our intellectual property. We’ve read your school reports. It will be hard work, but easily within your skills. If you do good work, you can learn more and start helping us with more advanced projects. Look around you.”</p>

      <p>The three of them turned back to looks round the large cavern.</p>

      <p>“The goblins are only helping us as a curtesy and at quite a premium. Soon this space will be filled with wizards and witches. If you want it hard enough, you three can be the first. Lots of room to grow, if you catch my meaning. I’m not saying it will be easy, but I can guarantee that working with us will be more fulfilling than stocking shelves at Witch Co. So, are you interested?”</p>

      <p>“Yes!” one of the boys blurted out.</p>

      <p>Jane couldn’t help but chuckle.</p>

      <p>“One question,” said the other boy.</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“What’s behind that door?” He pointed to a massive set of double doors near where they stood. Unlike the rest of the cavern which was either made of stone, or had the feel of a muggle workshop, these doors were made of oak and iron and looked like something out of a fantasy book.</p>

      <p>“Ah,” Mister Granger frowned. “That section is off limits to employees. That’s all you really need to know. All I will say is that it is secured by the very best of goblin and wizard magic combined, so please do remember not to accidentally try to force your way in. It won’t end well. It will also result in you being fired and having your memory altered as per the terms of your contract.”</p>

      <p>“Does it have a dragon behind it?”</p>

      <p>Mister Granger smirked. “Nah, too large. We went for a chimera instead.”</p>

      <p>Jane giggled. Even if he was a bit frightening for some reason she couldn’t quite put her finger on, It was good to know her new boss at least had a sense of humor.</p>

      <p>— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, behind the door of iron and oak, stood a creature so rare that it only existed in myths and legends. The chimera animagus smiled. “Looks like you’ve made a lot of progress.”</p>

      <p>Emma Granger smiled back. “Yes, my lord.”</p>

      <p>They were both inspecting the automated rune inscription system that would automatically mill rune plates, then fuse another plate on-top to secure the knowledge hidden within.</p>

      <p>“We’ve also come up with some solutions to help you with the battle against the basilisk,” she continued. “We didn’t have as much time as we’d have liked, but we did the best we could.”</p>

      <p>“Wonderful.” The two made their way over to a table covered in white sheets —&#160;five in total.</p>

      <p>Emma Granger gripped one of the sheets and whipped it off revealing a pile of absolutely massive nets.</p>

      <p>Harry grinned. “Rather theatrical. Am I rubbing off on you?”</p>

      <p>“Oh hush. Let me have my fun. Acromantula nets, my lord —&#160;sized for 60 foot long killing machine. We’re not 100% sure it will hold, but the design works for dragons, so it should at least have an effect.”</p>

      <p>“Good to have the option.”</p>

      <p>They moved onto the next table.</p>

      <p>Emma pulled back the second sheet to reveal a gigantic scarf of, again, acromantula silk.</p>

      <p>“And this is?” Harry asked.</p>

      <p>Emma grinned. “A witch’s bra, my lord.”</p>

      <p>It was the first time Emma had ever seen Harry look nonplussed.</p>

      <p>“Umm…” the boy said.</p>

      <p>“Technically, a giantess’s bra,” Emma continued with the air of a predator that has sensed weakness. “It’s the biggest size I could find. But it works the same way as a witch’s breast scarf, self-wrapping thing. Never could get used to them myself. I prefer a good pair of lacy push ups.”</p>

      <p>“Good… to know.”</p>

      <p>“Anyway, fling it around the snake’s head and it should self wrap, just like around a pair of woman’s bobbies.”</p>

      <p>“…have you been hanging around Luna?”</p>

      <p>Emma smirked. “No, I’m just happy to finally have found something that makes my super strong and powerful lord uncomfortable.”</p>

      <p>Harry ignored this and pointed to the silk wrap. “Do you have a back up if this doesn’t work? A snake head isn’t exactly the same shape as—“ he paused. “—your chest. and a conjured wrap stands no zero against a death glare that old.”</p>

      <p>“We have lots of back ups!”</p>

      <p>They reached the third table of five. The third sheet was pulled away. “Behold!”</p>

      <p>Harry let out an audible groan. “I am not a gryffindor.”</p>

      <p>On the table lay three sets of Goblin silver swords, along with scabbards.</p>

      <p>Emma smirked again. “Of course not, my lord. Although I do think you would look extremely dashing wearing a sword. These ones have been suffused with blindness solution, which may or may not have the desired effect on the basilisk’s gaze.”</p>

      <p>“Great!” Harry clapped his hands together with false cheerfulness. “I just have to make sure I get close enough to this killing machine’s lethal fangs to impale it in the mouth, because I’m pretty sure that not even goblin silver will pierce the hide of a thousand year old king of snakes.”</p>

      <p>Emma didn’t let her lord’s frustrations phase her. “That’s what the next toy is for, my lord.”</p>

      <p>Unlike the first three, the shape of this next ‘toy’ was quite a bit larger. Emma pulled the sheet clear.</p>

      <p>Harry grinned. “Now this is more like it!” He stared at what could only be described as a small portable ballista. It was loaded with a bolt that was the size of a grown man, and the tip was also clearly goblin silver. “suffused with blindness solution as well?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“Of couse, Harry.”</p>

      <p>“Brilliant.” Harry frowned. “Although there is the trouble of moving it. I certainly won’t be able to shrink that bolt and something this large would be very unwieldy in battle. It’ll still need a mouth shot to work.”</p>

      <p>“I think we’ll have a solution for that too, my lord, although we’re still not quite ready for that. But we’ve already proven the principle with the last um— ‘toy’.”</p>

      <p>Harry raised an eyebrow at the way Emma had put quotation marks around the word toy.</p>

      <p>“This one is more of a last resort, my lord. Because. Well, I’m sure you’ll see why.” She moved over to the fifth and final sheet. She took a deep breath and pulled off the white covering.</p>

      <p>“For if the worst comes to the worst,” Emma said finally.</p>

      <p>Harry stared. “A trunk?”</p>

      <p>It was a trunk. Just like the one he carried everywhere in his pocket. At least that explained how she was planning to make the ballista move maneuverable.</p>

      <p>“Look inside, my lord.”</p>

      <p>Harry walked over to the trunk, opened the lid, and stuck his head inside.</p>

      <p>A split second later he jerked his head back in shock. More cautiously this time, he edged his face over the lip of the trunk’s edge to find himself looking straight down the barrel of what the layman could only describe a really big fuck off gun. Harry knew better.</p>

      <p>Emma had taken a shrinkable space-expanded trunk, and mounted an M2 Browning 50 caliber heavy machine gun on the wall, pointing straight at the trunk’s opening. Instead of the usual stairs, a small ladder led down into the trunk, stopping at a mesh walkway with a huge hole in the middle for the rounds to pass through. The walk way followed the wall off to one side where the normal stairs completed the journey down into the trunk’s depths. On the floor were stacked several creates of what could only be 50 caliber BMG rounds.</p>

      <p>Because of the nature of expanded trunks, the floor would always point downwards, regardless of which way the trunk was angled. This meant anyone operating the machine gun would have to sit vertically against the wall, and indeed, there was such a chair mounted behind the gun, a silk harness ensuring they wouldn’t fall out.</p>

      <p>For a moment, Harry was actually rendered speechless.</p>

      <p>“If the worst comes to the worst, huh?” he eventually muttered. “Just how did you get hold of this?” It didn’t need to be said that a 50 calibre heavy machine gun wasn’t the kind of thing that everyone could just buy in the UK. Or anyone for that matter. Harry’s own foray into arms dealing over the summer made him appreciate just how unlikely it was for the Grangers to get their hands on something like this. There were exactly zero approved reasons for a UK resident to possess a functioning M2 browning. Only the British Military held them. And machine guns going missing from British Military bases wasn’t exactly the kind of attention he wanted.</p>

      <p>Emma Granger shrugged. “You’d be amazed what you can get hold of with a house elf, millions of pounds, and an undetectable submarine that can effortlessly zip between here and Northern Ireland.”</p>

      <p>Harry sucked in his breath through his teeth at the implications of that. He gave the former dentist a good long look. “Emma, I think I’m going to have to revaluate my opinion of you, again,” he eventually said. “You have balls of steel. The Wizarding World has clearly been a bad influence on you.”</p>

      <p>“If the Wizarding World has taught me anything it’s that monsters don’t care if you followed the rules.”</p>

      <p>Harry smiled before shaking his head ruefully. “They do care if you break them though.” He followed her gaze. “I’ll have to add this to the list of things the Wizarding World would collectively decide to wipe us off the face of the Earth for, if they ever found out. Not that they couldn’t defend against it, but the creation of things like pocketable machine-gun emplacements is exactly the kind of reason that people actually listened to the likes of Voldemort and Grindelwald.”</p>

      <p>He looked around the room again. “Good job, though. Seriously. Damn good job. This all just might help get us all through this without dying.” He looked Emma square in the eyes. “You have official permission to tease me about breasts.”</p>

      <p>Emma Granger grinned.</p>

      <p>— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>“Alright, yeh lot!” cried the Hogwarts game keeper, carrying his customary crossbow over he shoulder. “Tha’’s enough trainin’ fer tonight. Get yer selves back up to the castle. I need to lock up.”</p>

      <p>The pronouncement was met by a chorus of despairing complaints.</p>

      <p>“But, Hagrid, sir!” called out the oldest student —&#160;a Ravenclaw sixth year. “Tonight’s the last night our team will have the dueling arena before the tournament this weekend.”</p>

      <p>“Now, don’t be giving me that. Should have gotten all the practice you need before now. Don’t make me call the professors down here. You get yourselves back up to the castle.” He made large gestures towards the exits. “Go on.”</p>

      <p>Grumbling, the Ravenclaw dueling team picked up their stuff and starting trudging towards the changing rooms. Once all the students had cleaned out, Hagrid locked the large duelling arena doors shut, picked up the rope attached to his latest kill—a stag from the deeper forest—and gestured to the large boar hound by his feet. “C’mon, Fang.”</p>

      <p>Together, the two made their way up the hill towards Hagrid’s hut, Hagrid dragging the carcass as they went.</p>

      <p>As they neared the crest, a bark from Fang alerted Hagrid that something was nearby.</p>

      <p>Hagrid looked down and found his canine tracker staring up into the trees. His gaze rose and he sucked in an appreciative breath under his beard.</p>

      <p>“Oooo. Yeh are a beautiful one, aren’t yeh?”</p>

      <p>The golden eagle stared down her beak at him. It was surely female. Only the females usually grew that large. He reached down with his knife, sliced a piece off the deer, and expertly tossed the morsel up into the tree.</p>

      <p>With equal expertise, the eagle snatched the meat clean out of the air with her beak and proceeded to neatly swallow it.</p>

      <p>Hagrid chuckled, but the chuckle died a second or two later as the eagle continued to regard him in a way he knew no pure beast would.</p>

      <p>No one would ever call Hagrid the sharpest knife in the draw, but when it came to animals, there were few wiser (at least when it came to their care and behavior). He was the master of keys and grounds at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, after all. Dumbledore trusted him to keep on top of things, as did Headmaster Lockhart. Even the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures occasionally called on him to help with particularly sticky problems. And while he certainly wasn’t the kind of man to read the latest reports that came from under Whitehall, he did keep his ear to the ground down at the Hogshead.</p>

      <p>This all is why he cleared his throat and said in an uncertain voice, “Heiress Greengrass?”</p>

      <p>The eagle’s gaze became just a tad more narrow.</p>

      <p>“Ahhh.” Hagrid tugged respectfully at the bit of his hair that he though counted as his forelock —&#160;there was so much it was hard to tell. “I hope you don’t take what I said before the wrong way, miss.”</p>

      <p>The eagle continued to stare.</p>

      <p>Hagrid cleared his throat again. “Just make sure yeh’re also inside before curfew. I don’t want to find yeh locked out. Although, I suppose tha’ won’t actually matter fer yeh, will it? Seein’ as yeh can jus’ fly into the owlery.”</p>

      <p>He paused for a moment before slapping a hand into his face. “I should not have said tha’.”</p>

      <p>The eagle spread her majestic wings and leapt off the tree branch and up into the air. Hagrid gazed admiringly after her as she left —&#160;then took up the slack on the rope and continued pulling his kill up to his hut. But even then, he couldn’t help stealing glances upwards, where even now the beautiful eagle had been joined by two owls, one midnight black, the other snowy white, soaring together through the skies around Hogwarts.</p>

      <p>He was so distracted, in fact, that he failed to spot the long line of spiders desperately evacuating the castle for the forest —&#160;fleeing, even though the temperature was near freezing.</p>

      <p>— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>“I’ve found the perfect spot to watch both the castle entrance and the dueling arena,” Daphne announced. She entered the girl’s dormitory with Freekey on one shoulder and Hedwig on the other. She was also clutching her stomach. “Also, remind me never to eat hairy meat again.”</p>

      <p>Hermione raised an eyebrow. “Not agreeing with you?”</p>

      <p>They were currently the only two in the dorms. Hedwig leapt from Daphne’s shoulder and flew over to alight in Hermione’s outstretched arm.</p>

      <p>“Not at all,” Daphne groaned. “It would probably be fine if I stayed transformed, but I doubt I will have that luxury any time soon.”</p>

      <p>Hermione untied the letter from Hedwig’s leg. “But you’ve found a spot for our plan now?”</p>

      <p>“I have.”</p>

      <p>“Harry will be happy to hear that.” She started reading the letter,&#160;then lowered her voice. “Mum says dad’s ‘situation’ is working out with the new employees.”</p>

      <p>The ‘situation’ of course being that the muggle was now an effective class XXXXX wizard killer — even if he’d never actually done done the deed. Daphne knew all to well that that wouldn’t matter one jolt to how the wizarding world would react to him.</p>

      <p>“That’s good.” Daphne started changing into her sleep wear, making Freekey jump down and start nibbling on the nuts that always sat by Daphne’s four poster. “It’s just a shame he can’t help us deal directly with the you-know-what problem.”</p>

      <p>Hermione shivered. “I’m not. I don’t want my dad anywhere near that thing.”</p>

      <p>Daphne climbed under the covers and stared up at the ceiling.</p>

      <p>Hermione only just heard her whisper in a vulnerable voice she rarely heard the blonde employ, “And what about Harry?”</p>

      <p>Hermione rested a hand on Daphne’s shoulder and spoke softly. “We just have to trust him to come back to us, safely. Don’t worry, Daphne. It’s not just us. Our lord has a lot of resources. He will use everything he has. He will use&#160;<em>everything</em>.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>Harry stared with a calculating gaze at the huge pile of assorted weaponry and artifacts arrayed on the table in front of him.</p>

      <p>On either side of the table, Fred and George stood like proud merchants, eager to show off the fruits of their labors.</p>

      <p>“Potions?” Harry asked.</p>

      <p>“Draught of living death,” George responded, deftly plucking what looked like a perfume bottle from the pile. “Air delivered in particle form, maximum five meters, use within ten seconds of breaking the seal.”</p>

      <p>“That all?”</p>

      <p>“Blinding solution,” Fred countered, snatching a small wooded box the table for display. “Effective for twenty four hours on a wizard. Delivered as darts with a banishing curse.</p>

      <p>“Puking Pasties,” said George. “Take one half to feel like the bottom end of a butter beer bucket. Take the other to feel right as rain! Suggested administration as a cocktail in bait.”</p>

      <p>“Then why not just straight out poison?”</p>

      <p>“Because!” Fred pointed at a series of small cauldrons bubbling away in a corner of their workshop trunk. “Because, why settle for just one poison, when you can have them all?”</p>

      <p>“The top seven most deadly magical poisons known to wizard kind,” George continued. “Well, known to us and that we can brew, anyway,” he corrected himself. “Still pretty damn lethal!”</p>

      <p>“And the bait?”</p>

      <p>“Transfigured animal. Recommended goat. That’ll be on you.”</p>

      <p>“Wonderful. What else?”</p>

      <p>Fred smacked the table and a series of glowing seeds the size of eggs wobbled on the surface. “Movement denial! Venomous tentacular infused with empowered growth solution. Simply cast a finite to dispel light charm on a seed and chuck it into the darkness. Tentacles vs. snakes, you’ve gotta love it. And then you’ve got to run away screaming.”</p>

      <p>“Portable swamp!” George continued, picking up what looked like an ordinary suitcase. “Open the lid and stand well back. Primative uncontrolled space expansion charm downwards. Instantly turns the floor into quagmire.”</p>

      <p>“And finally, a big ass net. Because the classics are classic for a reason.”</p>

      <p>Harry nodded. “That all meshes well with my newer runic skills. What about exploiting possible weaknesses?”</p>

      <p>“Air!” Fred said, pointing to a ballon that was floating upside down with the string dangling up to the ceiling. “Pop to insantlly evacuate all the oxygen in a small room and replace it with helium. Lasts five minutes.”</p>

      <p>“Temperature!” George continued, holding up what looked like a crystal made of ice. “Essence of an ice elemental. Combine with elemental ice magic to freeze a large station wagon.”</p>

      <p>“And finally, eyes!” George declared, holding up a recognizable length of magical fabric. “Feed magic into the cloth to instantly have it wrap around the target. It might work, it might not. But if just one out of ten options works, you’ll be in the monster slaying business and no mistake!”</p>

      <p>Harry stared, deadpan. “George, whose bra is that?”</p>

      <p>“Errr…”</p>

      <p>Suddenly both twins looked very sheepish.</p>

      <p>“Never mind!” Harry said quickly, waving a hand. “Just make sure she gets it back without noticing it’s gone, okay? I already have one anyway. Anything else?”</p>

      <p>“Plenty!” Fred grinned and threw an arm over his shoulder. “We’ve got dead drops, glue traps, scent bombs, mud tombs, smoke screens, gum stoppers, acid baths…”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Ginny breathed heavily, tightly gripping her wand.</p>

      <p>Next to her, Daphne did likewise.</p>

      <p>On the opposite end of the large empty classroom, stood Hermione and Alex, hands on their thighs, both bent over, panting hard.</p>

      <p>In the middle of the room, exactly halfway between the two pairs, stood a blonde girl with little radish earrings hanging from her ears. Her breathes were loud, expansive, and comically exaggerated. It sounded like she was trying to pass enough air through her lungs to feed a steam engine. Luna was also blindfolded.</p>

      <p>Ginny grinned manically, then coughed when a bit of spit went down the wrong way. “Kurh—Kurh—Blugh.” She wiped her hand over her mouth. “Again!”</p>

      <p>Hermione, Daphne, and Alex all straightened and started moving around the room in random directions, silent and slow.</p>

      <p>Luna’s ear twitched. Her tongue wetted her lips.</p>

      <p>Ginny saw her small nose expand as air and scents passed through. Ginny felt her skin prickle.</p>

      <p>Alex’s eyes met hers. The two shared a soundless nod.</p>

      <p>Daphne flexed her fingers.</p>

      <p>Hermione raised her wand.</p>

      <p>They attacked.</p>

      <p>All at once, the quiet classroom became a maelstrom of flying spells and rushing bodies. Alex shot her chains. Hermione weaved a complex incantation. And Daphne sent a bolt of pure ice magic searing towards her target.</p>

      <p>Luna side stepped the first, melted the third with a gout of magical flame, and brought a powerful shield to block the second, just in time, as a flurry of loaded syringes smashed against the magical defense and tinkled to the floor in a growing puddle of steaming liquid. Several stunning spells were swatted away, there was a flicker in the air, and one of the broken syringes vanished.</p>

      <p>Ginny felt the world flicker.</p>

      <p>She thrust out a hand, all fingers glowing blood red, ready to unleash!</p>

      <p>…And found Luna kneeling on the floor, hand raised up, also glowing red, pressed firmly into her waist, still blindfolded, and with a faint smile playing around her lips.</p>

      <p>Ginny’s world went black and when she came to, Luna was reaching down to help her up, her blindfold now worn around her neck like a scarf.</p>

      <p>“Merlin, damn it!” Ginny shouted.</p>

      <p>“Oh, come off of it,” said Alex. “This fight doesn’t count. If we were really trying, there’s no way even Luna would be able to take all four of us from four different angles, blindfolded.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not the point!” Ginny replied hotly. “You know what us losing like this means, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“It means exactly what it should mean,” Daphne said calmly. “Harry will only let us fight the monster if we can do so without the aid of sight. Luna has proven herself. You have not.”</p>

      <p>Ginny winced. Her own attempts to fight by sound, touch, and taste alone hadn’t gone nearly so well.</p>

      <p>“Despite how good you are,” Daphne continued, “if you can’t fight blindfolded, the risk of you dying is too high.”</p>

      <p>“But this is my fight!” Ginny practically shouted. “This is… from back then…” She struggled to articulate her frustrations with the previous timeline without actually speaking about it out loud. She wanted to say that fighting the basilisk and Virgo was primary&#160;<em>her</em>&#160;battle. That this was&#160;<em>her</em>&#160;crucible. Eventually she settled for, “If I can’t fight this fight, what did I spend all this time training for?!”</p>

      <p>“Ginny.” Luna laid a soft hand on her shoulder. “Harry needs us. Harry saved us. It is for&#160;<em>him</em>, we fight. Not ourselves.”</p>

      <p>Ginny’s shoulders slumped. “If I’d known it was going to be like this I’d have spent our ritual year training blind.”</p>

      <p>“Ginny, stop sulking!” Hermione said with her arms folded. “Honestly, you’re supposed to be some kind of deadly ninja assassin.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” Alex added, face scrunched up in distaste. “Seeing you moaping feels wrong.”</p>

      <p>There was a moment of silence.</p>

      <p>Then Ginny’s lip quirked upwards. “Then how about you give up your spot on the dueling team to me?”</p>

      <p>Alex recoiled. “Hells no!”</p>

      <p>Ginny’s quirked lip cracked into a full gin. “Why not? Still four days to go. Are you afraid I’d do better than you?”</p>

      <p>“Oh,&#160;<em>Hells</em>&#160;no!”</p>

      <p>“Then prove it!”</p>

      <p>And within ten seconds, every one of the girls were going at it again, graceful and ferocious in equal measures.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>“A one thousand year old basilisk, eh?” Lord Lovegood stood up from where he’d been peering closely at some ancient artifact on his study desk. “Quite a tall order, that, young man.”</p>

      <p>Harry snorted. “Indeed. I was hoping you might provide a different perspective.”</p>

      <p>“And you came to the right place! Different perspectives is what I’m all about. Or so everyone keeps telling me. The polite ones, anyway.” Xenophilous collapsed into an armchair and put his knuckles under his chin. “How about the fae? Any of them owe you favours?”</p>

      <p>Harry gave a wry smile. “No.”</p>

      <p>“Shame. What about demons?”</p>

      <p>“Also, no.”</p>

      <p>“Vampires?”</p>

      <p>“Nope.”</p>

      <p>“The Hidden Fortress of Dun-Ra-Mine?”</p>

      <p>“I’m pretty sure that don’t exist.”</p>

      <p>Xenophilous gave Harry a look of triumph “Oh, <em>that’s</em> where your wrong! I have <em>sources</em>.”</p>

      <p>Harry raised an eyebrow. “And you can contact them?”</p>

      <p>Xenophilous deflated. “No.”</p>

      <p>“Shame.” Harry started perusing the shelves.</p>

      <p>Xenophilous snapped his fingers. “What about the goblins?”</p>

      <p>“I have a meeting with them tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>Lovegood nodded in approval. “How about the hallows?”</p>

      <p>Harry paused his inspection of an ornate scroll. “What about them?”</p>

      <p>“If you knew where the cloak was hidden you could hide from Death himself. I’ll wager it would work on a basilisk. Or if you had the wand, you might power your way through its hide.”</p>

      <p>Harry weighed the risk of revealing his possession of the cloak to one of his closest political allies. Then weighed it against the possibility that man already knew. He was Luna’s father, after all.</p>

      <p>Xenophilous clearly saw his contemplation. “You know where the hallows are?” he said eagerly.</p>

      <p>“The cloak,” Harry answered. “It is an heirloom of the Potter family.”</p>

      <p>“Hah!” Lord Lovegood slapped his knee. “I <em>knew</em> it! James was always far too slippery at school for his own good. And the stone or wand?”</p>

      <p>Harry shook his head.</p>

      <p>“Shame. But with the cloak, well, that should give you quite the edge.”</p>

      <p>Harry nodded. “I had it with me the last time I encountered the basalisk. It was bare feet away, but didn’t spot me. That was when Dumbledore’s Phoenix turned up and started trying to peck its eyes out. The two crashed away pretty soon after that. And I was left alone”</p>

      <p>“The power of the cloak, indeed,” Xenophilous whispered. “What about the phoenix?”</p>

      <p>Harry shrugged. “No idea. Never saw it again after that. Maybe it was eaten. Or petrified and shattered?”</p>

      <p>“Maybe.” Xenophilous stroked his chin. “Well, if you need backup, I can alert the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures of the situation.”</p>

      <p>“No,” Harry quickly replied. “Too many inconvienant things too explain. Too many political oppenings.”</p>

      <p>“You misunderstand me,” Xeno smiled. “I can alert the Department of the situation, without anyone knowing they’ve been alerted.”</p>

      <p>“Ohhh!” Harry smiled back. “Then by all means, Lord Lovegood. Alert away. It’s always a good idea to have backup.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>Hogwarts Castle rearranged itself daily. Sometimes new corridors pointed to new floors. Other-times a secret passage way, long forgotten, make it self known for a single hour to help a single student in dire need. And yet other times, new rooms that didn’t even appear in <em>Hogwarts: A History</em>, would randomly pop up out of nowhere.</p>

      <p>This last example had happened twice in the last thirty days. The first was for the student wardrobe — a large oval room containing a single oval table —&#160;accessible, appropriately, through a large wardrobe just outside the student library. Several meetings had already been held and to describe the proceedings as ‘tense’—with Virgo and Susan sitting next to each other, surrounded by agents of the Gray and Dark, would have been the understatement of the century.</p>

      <p>The second room was for the court and had appeared as an add-on half way up the Astronomy Tower. Small and cramped, it gave all who entered the impression of a bathroom, if going to the bathroom was a spectator sport.</p>

      <p>Susan looked off the edge of the railing that circled the room, down into the small entrance way below where a pair of Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw fourth years stood.</p>

      <p>One either side of her, stood Violet and Marrigold Chesterfield, gazing down at the pair, the first looking bored, the second looking amused.</p>

      <p>“Please say that last bit again,” Susan said, not quite believing the words coming out of her mouth.</p>

      <p>The Hufflepuff jumped right in. “I said, right— I said that if he’d help me with my homework for Potions that week then I’d cover him on that last Hogsmead trip. But when I gave him the goods, he said that he’d already got the stuff he needed from the third-floor Bazzar and that he didn’t need it any more, and now he’s refusing to pay for it!”</p>

      <p>“That’s a lie!” said the Ravenclaw, hotly. “I did pay. You agreed I didn’t have to pay for it all it once, so I could sell it off and make the money back.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, but now I need the money for something else. So you need to pay right now.”</p>

      <p>“But that’s not what you said.”</p>

      <p>“Doesn’t matter. I bought that stuff for you with my own silver in good faith. Now I’m stuck holding your crap.”</p>

      <p>“Rubbish! Your silver was part of the original homework deal!”</p>

      <p>“But I didn’t know you were going to reneg on paying right away!”</p>

      <p>Susan put a hand over her face while the two older students raged at each other below.</p>

      <p>“Would it be unethical to start a betting pool on them?” Marrigold asked with a grin, elbows on the banister, hands under her chin.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Susan replied with a blank face.</p>

      <p>“We could always give them trial by duel,” Violet suggested.</p>

      <p>“No we are not going to have them fight each other.”</p>

      <p>“Why not? Pain is a great teacher.”</p>

      <p>“Or we could have them duel us!” Marigold chirped up. “Who ever lasts longest wins!”</p>

      <p>Susan gritted her teeth. “No! We’re not doing trial by combat, duel, or anything else. We are here to judge, not to play for our own fun.”</p>

      <p>“Spoil sport. You need to loosen up.”</p>

      <p>They eventually ruled that the Hufflepuff was in the right and that the Ravenclaw had twenty four hours to produce the owed silver and take possession of the ordered goods.</p>

      <p>The fact that the goods in question appeared on Argus Filches’ banned item list was never brought up.</p>

      <p>Five more cases followed, each as small and petty in Susan’s mind as the last. Ever since becoming the head judge and head of the Student DMLE, it seemed <em>everyone</em> turned to her to solve their problems —&#160;so long as the problem was annoying enough.</p>

      <p>Twenty minutes later, Susan ducked out of the court room and snuck away under a disillusionment charm, the best to hide from random students who might accost her in the halls. Really, this was one of the few charms she was unequivocally thankful to Virgo for teaching her.</p>

      <p>Susan reached the Room of Requirement on the Seventh floor and slowly turned the handle.</p>

      <p>“Back so soon, Susan?” Virgo asked from inside, a vicious smile spreading across her face.</p>

      <p>The muggleborn twins were right about one thing though. She did need to fight more. The dueling Tournament was only three days away.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>“Just two days until your tournament, Lord Slytherin,” Ragnok commented, almost lightly. The goblin was leading Harry down, once more, into the bowls of the bank, carrying his customary war axe. “Will we have a repeat performance of last year’s demolition?”</p>

      <p>“I doubt it,” Harry answered, dressed in his Lord Slytherin Persona once again, “Though I doubt it will be uneventful.”</p>

      <p>“Mmmm,” Ragnok mmmed. “I hear promising things about your friend, the Black heiress. Do you not believe she could at least match her father’s performance during his own time at Hogwarts?”</p>

      <p>“Maybe. Truly, I do not know. I have prepared her the best I can. How far she gets will be up to her.”</p>

      <p>Ragnok grinned a toothy grin. “Perhaps she will crush two years above her. That would be a worthy performance.”</p>

      <p>“Perhaps,” Harry hedged.</p>

      <p>Ragnok looked askance. “You do not believe her capable of defeating a third year?”</p>

      <p>Harry shook his head. “Oh, no. Alex can defeat a third year, no problem. I’d be disappointed if she couldn’t defeat a fourth year, or even a fifth, if it was a straight one-on-one. But first she has to <em>get</em> to the third year.”</p>

      <p>“You speak in riddles, Lord Slytherin.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s just say, the most exciting duel of the tournament will probably be Slytherin vs. Gryffindor, First year vs First year.”</p>

      <p>“Again?!” Ragnok stopped in front of a huge iron double door and turned to face him. “Ahh,” he said, understanding dawning. “The Malfoy girl. The Minister of the Student Wardrobe. Quite the enigma, that one.”</p>

      <p>“Enigma?” Under his mask, Harry raised an eyebrow. “Ragnok, do you perchance have records that could prove Virgo’s true—“</p>

      <p>“—Lord Slytherin,” Ragnok interrupted. “I must remind you that such matters are private. Just as are your own.”</p>

      <p>Harry bowed slightly. “Of course.”</p>

      <p>“And speaking of your own matters,” Ragnok turned to the double doors and put his hands to them. “I hope you appreciate the trust that is being shown by brining you here. No wizard has set foot in these chambers for four hundred years.”</p>

      <p>“The trust of Gringotts is an honor I always hold dear.”</p>

      <p>Ragnok nodded as though that was the bare minimum reply he would accept, before firmly pushing open the doors.</p>

      <p>A wave of heat the likes of which Harry had only experienced a few times before hit him almost like it was a physical punch in the face. The heat was accompanied by an orange light that bathed every surface of the huge cavern beyond, sending stark shadows dancing and flickering across the walls. The sounds of dozens of hammers hitting metal rang in his ears, accompanied by goblin shouts and oaths, and even the occasional scream. A hundred forges lit the space, all fed from a central giant chamber, and next to the chamber, lay the largest dragon Harry had ever seen, chained down to the floor, slowly blowing dragon fire into the giant structure.</p>

      <p>As they made their way across the room to a door on the far side, Harry could pick out snatches and snippets of many conversations in the Goblin tongue.</p>

      <p>“Grip it tighter, idiot! I swear if you mess up one more billet I’ll have you down with the dragon shovelers.”</p>

      <p>“Ai-Po! Nickel and Chromium, now!”</p>

      <p>“Just one drop of virgin’s blood...”</p>

      <p>The items the goblins were working represented every classification of artifact Harry could recognise and even a few that he had no idea the purpose of.</p>

      <p>Nor was it all metal work. Off in a corner, a small crowd of goblin females were busy working with silk, leather, and gem stones the size of a wizard’s fingernail. Although why they were working in here, which had to be incredibly uncomfortable given the constant heat, Harry had no idea.</p>

      <p>The thing that most supprised him about the goblin forges though, was that many of the items being worked on didn’t seem to hold any value to the goblins working them. He saw more than one wonderful-looking example carelessly tossed away as they traversed the room, and even as they reached the door, Harry saw one goblin grip a sword blade the likes of which any wizarding lord would drool to own, shake his head in disgust, and pitched it into a nearby pile of gleaming silver scrap.</p>

      <p>The two stepped through the archway and the door closed behind them, shutting off the heat and muffling the sounds within.</p>

      <p>“The last time I had the chance to see that room,” Harry started, “it was desolate and smoking —&#160;an empty husk of a place. It’s surprising to see it so full of life and energy.”</p>

      <p>Ragnok snorted. “The crafting chamber is kept busy at all hours.”</p>

      <p>“Even when there is no need for the objects it makes?”</p>

      <p>Ragnok shoot him a piercing look. “Yes, even then.”</p>

      <p>“Hmmm,” Harry hmmmed.</p>

      <p>“Now <em>this</em> is what you are here for!” Ragnok said loudly, hefting his war axe off his shoulder and propping it up against a wall. He reached a large cabinet and opened it, letting Harry see the full extent of its contents.</p>

      <p>“If you’re going to be fighting a one-thousand year old basilisk, then you’ll need something that can actually pierce armor that magically powerful.”</p>

      <p>Despite himself, Harry gave an appreciative whistle from under his mask. There was enough sharp goblin silver hanging in front of him to start a small war, and there was no doubt the examples here were all a cut above even what he’d seen in the crafting chamber.</p>

      <p>Ragnok took a sword, seemingly at random, and presented it to Harry by the cross guard. It felt utilitarian in his grasp, well balanced, but nothing special, not like he felt when he held his wand.</p>

      <p>“I think—” he started to say, but didn’t get any further before Ragnok snatched the sword back.</p>

      <p>Harry couldn’t help smirk. “This all feels incredibly familiar. Are you perhaps going to tell me that the sword chooses the goblin?”</p>

      <p>“No,” Ragnok said simply, working his way down the line of weapons. “I just needed to be sure.”</p>

      <p>“Sure?”</p>

      <p>“Of this!”</p>

      <p>“Oh.” Harry stared at the sword now held in Ragnok’s hand. “Yes, I can see that would do the job.”</p>

      <p>To call this sword snakey wouldn’t be doing the word justice. Serpents coiled all around the handle, the cross-guard, a good way up the blade. Even the pommel, a clear ball of crystal filled with mist, was clamped down tight in the mouth of a sharp-fanged snake.</p>

      <p>Ragnok presented the sword to him.</p>

      <p>This time when Harry took the blade, he felt a very real power surge up his arm. The blade shimmered green.</p>

      <p>“Infused with a powerful dose of swelling solution,” Ragnok supplied. “Just one nick would bisect a troll.”</p>

      <p>“Magnificent,” Harry murmured. “I hope I don’t have to use it.”</p>

      <p>“If you do, I’d recommend pairing it with a solid iron shield,” Ragnok supplied. “Perhaps even a mirrored shield? You never know your luck. Although, I’m afraid we can’t help you with that. The craft of a good aurar shield is well outside the ability of Gringotts.”</p>

      <p>Harry fixed the accompanying thestral leather sheath around his waist. “I have a meeting with Lord Smith before the operation begins.”</p>

      <p>Ragnok smirked. “I was not aware the Noble House of Smith had that knack either.” His look turned thoughtful. “And I know the two of you are allies, but if you would accept my advice, I would not be too cavalier about showing off your new blade around him. The Smiths and Gringotts—” He paused for a moment as though looking for the right word. “—Don’t really get along.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">— DPaSW:NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>Lord James Potter, political leader of the Light, tensed as he was led into the ornate office of one of the most dangerous individuals in Europe, if not the world. He had no idea, when he’d started this particular quest, that his efforts would lead here, but in hindsight he supposed he shouldn’t have been surprised. The more powerful the individual, the more pies they’d have fingers in, and this individual probably had enough pies to require hiring assistants, just so there were enough fingers to go around.</p>

      <p>The bronze plaque on the desk read, First Transylvanian Minister of Magic, Count Dragos Dracula, Mugwump, Electorate, Eighty-six times Gobstones Champion.</p>

      <p>Lord Potter bowed respectfully as the minister rose from behind the desk.</p>

      <p>“Ahh, the stag lord,” said the ancient vampire in greeting. “Do come in. How are things in the Albion?”</p>

      <p>“Quite okay,” James replied. He’d already decided keeping his chards as close to his chest as possible. “Everyone’s looking forward to the dueling tournament on Saturday.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes. I recall your heir’s performance was quite impressive last year.” Dracula gave a pointed smile.<br/>James nodded, stiffly.</p>

      <p>“It’s just a shame it doesn’t look like he’ll be well in time to compete this year.”</p>

      <p>James blinked in surprise. He’d been expecting a barbed comment about Harry now being his heir. But apparently the minister had been talking about John. So many of his peers had been on his case about that since the Winter Festival, many asking very awkward questions...</p>

      <p>‘So, you have a new heir, ehh? How’d that happen?’</p>

      <p>‘So, is this like, The Muggle Prince of Atlantis?’</p>

      <p>‘So, when are you going to make an announcement in the Prophet?”</p>

      <p>The answer to that last question, at least, he could give. Never. By the time the question of John not being his official heir became relevant, he planned to have already solved it. Remus Lupin would rue the day he took on the mantle of Lord Slytherin and started messing in the affairs of the Noble Houses.</p>

      <p>Dracula, by contrast, seemed to be far more gentlemanly about the whole business. Then he realized the other implication of the vampire’s statement about John. The First Minister of Transylvania knew exactly why he was here. Damn it.</p>

      <p>A small wooden box was produced and placed on the desk between them. Dracula opened it to show the contents. Fresh Mandrake.</p>

      <p>James Potter sucked in his breath. “What do you want for it?”</p>

      <p>Dracula closed the box lid. “Nothing.”</p>

      <p>James Potter blinked. “Nothing?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing.” The vampire repeated. “That has all been taken care of.” You apparently have a friend in the shadows, Lord Potter. It was they who smoothed your pathway to me. It was they who alerted me to your need such that I could arrange this—‘ he patted the box—‘ to be here in time for you arrival. And they have already arranged payment as well.”</p>

      <p>James Potter frowned. “I can’t—“</p>

      <p>“—I also need to say, Lord Potter,” the vampire cut him off. “That this is the only supply of Mandrake that I can currently divert from other, more critically important shipments.”</p>

      <p>James Potter stared at the box for several long moments. “Very well,” he eventually said. “Please give my thanks to this friend in the shadows.” He took the box proffered him.</p>

      <p>“I will,” Dracula answered.</p>

      <p>James paused at the door. “And if this friend in the shadows happens to be Lord Malfoy, let him know that he can go to hell.”</p>

      <p>The door to the study closed.</p>

      <p>Dracula listened to the footsteps retreat down the stone-floor corridor outside. Then he chuckled to himself.</p>

      <p>“Perfect future in-laws.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>Lord Smith growled as a beautiful length of true silver was drawn from its scabbard.</p>

      <p>“I imagine there’s a story behind this,” said Harry Potter, or Lord Slytherin, as Smith now knew him to be.</p>

      <p>“There most certain is a story,” Smith said through gritted teeth. If anyone else had flashed true silver in front of him after acquiring it from the goblins so brazenly, he’d have smacked them through the nearest wall with his hammer. But this was the Gray’s lord of lords, the child that had lured him away from the Light, the one who had unified a ragtag alliance of houses at the age of eight and forged them into a true political power. And so, he stayed his hand. That didn’t stop him from glaring though.</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to tell me, if you don’t want to,” Slytherin said. “We do have other matters to attend to tonight.”</p>

      <p>Smith glared for a few long more moments before grunting under his breath.</p>

      <p>The two started walked away from the floo Slytherin had arrived at, up the corridor and towards the armory.</p>

      <p>“The full story’s too long to tell now,” Smith said. “The short version is that when the goblin’s gained the skill to forge goblin silver.” He spat the last two words. “The records show that we gave it to them in a marriage alliance. And forever forsook the knowledge of it ourselves. The truth is that they stole it. Filthy mongrol bastards.”</p>

      <p>They both stopped at one of the many portraits in the corridor. It contained a bear of a wizard, even more so than Lord Smith himself.</p>

      <p>“Reginald here was lord at the time, isn’t that right, Regi?”</p>

      <p>The figure in the portrait glared at the scabbard into which Slytherin had re-sheathed the silver snake sword. “It is. You’re telling this <em>boy</em> about the Great Betrayal?”</p>

      <p>“Not a boy, you old coot!” Lord Smith barked back. “Don’t go all lordly on me just because we have guests. Lord Slytherin is our lord of lords. He commands our earned respect.”</p>

      <p>The portrait scoffed. “A lord of lords is nothing compared to a champion of a higher power! I’ll do what I damn well please, boy!”</p>

      <p>Lord Smith smashed his hammer right into the portrait, causing the cloth to tear, the occupant to flee, and the wall behind it to explode into the random room beyond. He turned back to Slytherin, who, as much as Harry Potter ever showed uncalculated expression, was definitely looking like someone who’d seen something they were not expecting.</p>

      <p>“Ignore him, Slytherin” Smith said as they continued.</p>

      <p>“The champion of a higher power?” Slytherin asked, catching up to him and falling in at his side.</p>

      <p>“That part of the story is a Smith family secret. It is nothing like what you see in the theater. I respectfully ask you to forget what you have already heard.”</p>

      <p>“I just find it hard to imagine the goblins stealing from the champion of a higher power.”</p>

      <p>“Hah. Our house made them pay for it a hundred fold. Green blood flowed through goblin caverns like souls flowing down the river styx!”</p>

      <p>“Then why the ongoing animosity?”</p>

      <p>Lord Smith glared at Slytherin. “Do you want this shield or not? I’d hate all my hard work on those micro-runes of yours to go to waste because I accidentally chucked it into the furnace.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>“Oh, I say!” Professor Flitwick did a triple back flip, landed lightly on his feet, and thrust his wand forward. “Miss Malfoy, that was magnificent!”</p>

      <p>On the other side of the room, Virgo breathed heavily with her hands on her knees.</p>

      <p>“I must declare,” Flitwick continued. “I was initially dubious when John suggested including you in our private tutoring sessions, but you have surpassed <em>all</em> my expectations. Why, if you keep this up, you might even reach John’s level before long. You will never be as powerful as him, but in terms of finesse and technique? You have already <em>well</em> passed him.”</p>

      <p>Virgo took a deep breath and straightened up again. She looked the professor in the eyes. “Do you think I can go seven for seven in the dueling tournament?”</p>

      <p>Flitwick look dubious. “Unless you have some secret weapon in reserve, I would say unlikely. Not without a lot more practice.”</p>

      <p>“I <em>do</em> have a secret weapon,” Virgo replied, thinking of her animagus form. It wasn’t one she wanted to use. Not unless she had to. The implications of her being a parcel-tongue were problematic right now. What with the basilisk attacks. “But I don’t want to use it,” she concluded</p>

      <p>Flitwick shook his head.</p>

      <p>“And there is no more time to practice,” she continued. “The tournament is tomorrow.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">— DPaSW:NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>Morning dawned.</p>

      <p>All across Magical Britain, wizards and witches everywhere woke up to their morning edition of the Daily Prophet, delivered by the army of owls employed for the purpose.</p>

      <p>HOGWARTS DUELING TOURNAMENT TODAY, The headline read. PAGE 5: COMPETITORS, PAGE 6: HISTORY, PAGE 7: ANALYSIS.</p>

      <p>Hundreds of discussions across hundreds of breakfast tables. Would this year’s tournament be as spectacular as last year’s? Surely not without the Potter twins. But that did little to stop the building feeling of anticipation. Those who had tickets thanked their lucky stars. Those without fiddled with dials on their Wizarding Wirelesses.</p>

      <p>Toast was buttered. Jam was spread.</p>

      <p>In Diagon Alley’s Pensive Parlor, several wizards were going over their last minute plans to capture the competition from every critical angle.</p>

      <p>&#160;In the Ministry of Magic, close to a dozen members of the Department of Magical Games and Sports filed into their bosses office for a final briefing.</p>

      <p>At the Floo Office HQ, wizards covered from head to toe in green soot were already hard at work, fully expecting the massive surge of floo activity thirty minutes before the first wand draw.</p>

      <p>The Hogwarts Dueling Tournament had always been a highlight of the Wizarding sporting calendar, but the nail-biting performance of the previous year had catapulted its prominence to levels no one in living memory could remember.</p>

      <p>At Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the house elves were frantically cooking up a storm, preparing food not just for the students, but also the hundreds of outside visitors that soon would fill the stands to standing room only.</p>

      <p>In each of the four house common rooms, the more enterprising students were finalizing the castle-wide betting pools. Others were determined to bring the Hogwarts student bazar to the visitors in a big way.</p>

      <p>In the Professor’s lounge, the teachers were strategizing ways to stop them.</p>

      <p>And in the headmaster’s office, Headmaster Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin Third Cass, Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, and Five times winner of Witch Weekly’s Most Charming Smile award, was sweating.</p>

      <p>“Umm, complete control, you say? You want me to give up complete control of the wards?”</p>

      <p>In the chair opposite him, Lord Slytherin radiated power. And it <em>was</em> Lord Slytherin. Though Lockhart knew intellectually that this being in front of him was also Harry Potter, one of his own students (sort of), and a boy of only twelve years, that didn’t change <em>anything</em>. Lockhart had traveled widely to write his books. He’d hired the most experienced and dangerous bodyguards and mercenaries he could to investigate some of the most dangerous places on Earth. And whenever shit hit the fan, as it inevitably sometimes did, he was smart enough to hide his ass behind the people who knew what they were doing and let them get on with it.</p>

      <p>Except now he had no bodyguards. With Voldemort gone, he never thought he’d face such a monster in his own homeland. But now he knew better. He was more than halfway through writing Slytherin’s book and probably knew more about the man than anyone. He knew exactly what kind of a monster was sitting opposite him.</p>

      <p>He tried loosening his collar, but it did nothing to help the sweat trickling down his neck. “I can’t just do that, my lord,” he tried. “The headmaster has a duty...” he trailed off in the force of that aura.</p>

      <p>“It will only be for the duration of the tournament,” Slytherin said. “I have a critically important job that needs to be taken care of in the school. It requires its complete evacuation. The tournament is the perfect time to accomplish this.”</p>

      <p>Lockhart tried to object again, but Slytherin continued.</p>

      <p>“It is for the safety of the students.”</p>

      <p>“But—”</p>

      <p>“It may be related to the Chamber of Secrets.”</p>

      <p>That forced Lockhart’s jaw to snap shut. His eyes widened. “You know where it is?” He leaped up out of his chair. “That’s what this is about?!” His face slid from anxiety to hope. “You can fix that?! Please say you can. I’ve had countless parents, and the teachers, <em>and</em> the ministry breathing down my neck about that.”</p>

      <p>“I have received infomation,” Slytherin said vaguely. “But to sort out the problem, I need the wards.”</p>

      <p>Lockhart hesitated again.</p>

      <p>“The ministry, of course, has been informed.”</p>

      <p>That did it. Lockhart firmed his jaw. “Very well, then. They are yours.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>Argus Filtch knew how to grovel. Argus Filtch, in fact, had only two modes of operation, of which groveling was one. The other was malicious cruelty against whoever he smelled weakness in.</p>

      <p>The lords and ladies were not such a group. And this particular lord had Argus Filtch in such a heightened state of grovel, that he might as well attach his floor mop to his nose.</p>

      <p>“And once the tournament begins, I want everyone out,” Lord Slytherin said, walking briskly down the corridor.</p>

      <p>“Yes, my lord. Of course, my lord,” Filtch simpered, now practically hopping to keep up. “Your every whim is my humble command, my lord. Just say the wor—”</p>

      <p>“And once everyone is out, I want you to finish locking up and withdraw yourself and Mrs Norris to the Green Houses.”</p>

      <p>“I live to serve, my lord. I won’t let you down, my lord.” Filtch’s hat fell off as he jerked along, forcing him to stop a moment to pick it up. By the time he’d retrieved it, Lord Slytherin was already well ahead.</p>

      <p>“See that you don’t,” Lord Slytherin called behind him. The man obviously had places to be. “What happens in this castle today, is not for you.”</p>

      <p>Filtch watched after the retreating figure. He might be a squib, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t feel the raw magical power radiating from the figure. “Not for you, he says,” Filtch muttered, once he was quite sure Slytherin couldn’t hear him. “Is there anything around here that <em>is</em> for me?”</p>

      <p>Around his legs, Mrs Norris mewed after the retreating lord.</p>

      <p>“And you can stop pining after him, as well!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>In the Slytherin girl’s dormitory, Alex stared herself down in the bathroom mirror. Quick as a whip, she snapped her wand from its holster and thrust in it front of her. She flipped her hair over her shoulder and smirked. “You think your win is garenteed, <em>Virgo</em>. But you have no idea the powers you face, now. Behold! For I—“</p>

      <p>“Alex?”</p>

      <p>Alex’s heart leapt into her throat.</p>

      <p>“Are you done yet?” A clearly naked Luna stuck her head around the door. “Only some of us still need to shower.”</p>

      <p>“Yes!” Alex yipped. “I mean, yes! Yes, I am done.”</p>

      <p>“Yay!” Luna skipped into the room.</p>

      <p>For some reason, Alex couldn’t stop herself staring. “Um, how much of that did you hear?”</p>

      <p>“Mmm? Oh. All of it. Quite acceptable villain trash-talk. Eight of out ten. Your practice is paying off. But you had better get properly dressed.” Luna stepped into the shower. “We can’t meet Harry in just underwear, you know. Well, not until—”</p>

      <p>Alexandra didn’t give her closest friend time to get any further. She quickly fled the tiny room, ears burning hot.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>“You wish the ghosts of Hogwarts to leave the castle?” Nearly Headless Nick looked askance down the long table, lined with ghosts on either side. “Ridiculous! The ghost council has never before been asked something so outrageous!”</p>

      <p>At the foot of the table, Harry stood tall next to the Bloody Baron, mask firmly in place, now on his second aging potion of the day. “Of course, I wouldn’t ask you for something so sensitive without bringing something of value,” he said. “I learned from the last time I stood before you, that the ghosts of Hogwarts are not so easily swayed.”</p>

      <p>Nearly Headless Nick made a disbelieving sound in his throat. “Something of value, he says. And what, Lord Slytherin, could you possibly have to offer such august persons as ourselves?”</p>

      <p>The other ghosts around the table looked to him, some in interest, others in disbelief, yet others with silent resentment.</p>

      <p>Harry smiled grimly under his mask. In truth, there were only a few ghosts of the dozen around the table he needed to sway to tip the balance in his favour. He turned to the Gray Lady. “To you, my lady, I offer news of your mother’s diadem.”</p>

      <p>The Grey Lady’s eyes widened.</p>

      <p>“Through great effort, I have found it, and eventually intend to return it to the House of Ravenclaw, once I have figured out a way to remove a particularly nasty curse that has been laid upon it. The one you knew as Tom Riddle defiled it with dark magic the likes of which no wizard should wield. But I believe I can return it to its former state.”</p>

      <p>The Grey Lady said nothing for long moments, just as she usually said nothing. Then, she spoke. “If what you say is true, then you have done me a great service, Lord Slytherin. I look forward to seeing it rest on my mother’s head again.”</p>

      <p>Harry nodded, then turned to the Fat Friar. “Father, I thought long and hard about what a wizard such as you would value. But in the end, it was obvious. You were one of the greatest healers in the land when you lived. While I am not anything close to a healer, I do possess the talent of silver limbs. I offer you my services to heal one soul you come across at your discrection, whenever you will it.”</p>

      <p>The Fat Friar immediately laughed. “I thought so!” He gestured around the table. “Did I not tell you, my friends? I knew Lord Slytherin deserved a chance. No man who wields the healing powers to aid of his fellow man can be that bad a person.”</p>

      <p>“In trade,” Sir Nicholas said dismissively.</p>

      <p>“Oh, pish,” the Fat Friar retorted. “Besides, I want to see what he has for you, Nick.”</p>

      <p>Sir Nichloas sniffed.</p>

      <p>In reply to the stated challenge, Harry unsheathed the Slytherin sword at his belt. “I can grant you membership to the Headless Hunt.”</p>

      <p>There was a pause. Then all the ghosts around the table burst into laughter. All except the Bloody Baron, and, importantly, Sir Nicholas. He did not look amused. Even the Grey lady giggled.</p>

      <p>“Lord Slytherin,” Sir Nicholas eventually said in a frosty voice, once the laughter had died down. “If this is your idea of a joke, then I do not find it amusing. Even if that is a true silver sword you wield, such a thing will not finish the job that my executioner so incompetently started. To do that, the blade would need to be etherial, and the magics capable of that were lost long ago. Long before the Smith family first smelted the first such blade. Not even Gryffindor himself could have done that.”</p>

      <p>Harry didn’t try to argue back. Instead, he merely reached into his robes, withdrew a small silver bell, and gave it a faint tinkle.</p>

      <p>The door to the room opened, and in walked his favorite Necromancer duo. Alex and Luna wore simple matching dresses of black and white respectively, completely devoid of magic. He knew they were magic-less, because he’d bought them himself from a muggle department store, given them to Dan to hold for a minute, then kept them stored in his ritual room until needed.</p>

      <p>“A Black?” Sir Nicholas asked. “And a Lovegood? What good will they...” he trailed off as Alex smirked and withdrew her dementor bone stake from her robes.</p>

      <p>Sir Nicholas frowned. “Are you serious?”</p>

      <p>Alex scowled.</p>

      <p>“No, that’s her fath—“</p>

      <p>“Luna!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, we are serious,” Harry said. “It took some delving into the Aether Unpacked, but I completed the missing part of the ritual that Luna’s family has kept for over a thousand years. If you will follow us to the Hogwarts Ritual Room?”</p>

      <p>Twenty minutes later, Sir Nicholas was laughing uproariously, his head cleanly separated from his head by a ghost-like copy of the silver sword he still wore by his side. The vote passed, and the ghosts officially decided to vacate the castle for the day.</p>

      <p>“But where are we going to go?” the Grey Lady asked.</p>

      <p>Harry rung the bell again and pandemonium filled the room as two dozen headless riders on horseback crashed through the stonework.</p>

      <p>“Welcome to the club, Nick!” bellowed Sir Patrick. “Get on!”</p>

      <p>One of the rider’s hoisted a squealing Grey Lady up onto his horse. The other ghosts just as quickly joined the hunt, each one behind a rider.</p>

      <p>Sir Nicholas practically bounded up behind Sir Patrick.</p>

      <p>“We’ll have to get you a horse, of course,” Sir Patrick said. “But that won’t be a problem. And now, away!” He pointed dramatically and the host shot away out of a closed window.</p>

      <p>Luna threw the window open.</p>

      <p>“And I intened to move Angelystor into the castle!” Lord Slytehrin shouted after them.</p>

      <p>“Be our guest!” came the rapidly fading reply.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">— DPaSW: NRiCaD —</p>

      <p>Deep below the ground, Virgo was sweating. She wasn’t even aware that lamia <em>could</em> sweat.</p>

      <p>The basilisk ran its much larger body up against her, drawing back and forth across the chamber like a pacing cat.</p>

      <p>“When, my queen?” the basilisk hissed. “When will we mate?”</p>

      <p>$Sssoon,$” Virgo hissed back. $Sssoon$,” she repeated, racking her brain for another reason to put this off. “$It’sss that time of the month.$ Virgo winced. She was rapidly running out of excuses.</p>

      <p>The basilisk weaved back towards her and loomed. Its forked tongue tasted the air less than a foot from Virgo’s face. “My Queen will serve her king.”</p>

      <p>“$We must depose the falssse king,$” Virgo hissed back. Sweat was now definitely pouring down her back.</p>

      <p>“Yes. But you do not let me kill. One look is all I would need. One look, and the false king would fall.”</p>

      <p>$The falssse king will have protection! He will not sssuccumb ssso easily. We must be cunning. We must be discreet. Our plans are working! People are beginning to suspect him. Soon, with just a few more attacks on the right people, the Wizengamot will demand action. They will demand it of him. And he will have no choice but to admit he knew all along.”$</p>

      <p>“And my queen is not afraid the false king will accuse her?”</p>

      <p>$No.$</p>

      <p>The basilisk leveled its gaze at Virgo. “Once the false king is gone. You will hatch my clutch.”</p>

      <p>Virgo submissively lowered her head before quickly bolting for the portal. Once Lord Slytherin was exposed and ousted from Hogwarts, she was sealing up the chamber using every spell, enchantment, and trick the teenage dark lord knew.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Torches flickered on the walls.</p>

      <p>“Girls,” Daphne announced “It is time. From here on out, I want your full attention.”</p>

      <p>Around the table, Hermione, Alex, Ginny, and Luna all nodded.</p>

      <p>“It is currently Nine o’clock,” Daphne continued. “Synchronize pocket watches, now.”</p>

      <p>Four silver pocket watches were produced from various purses, pockets, and—luna’s case—a drawer in the body of her witches’ hat.</p>

      <p>Daphne placed her own watch back inside her purse. “Ear mirror pieces on, now.”</p>

      <p>Everyone except Alexandra retrieved one of the tiny magic earpieces they’d used the previous year and placed them inside their right ear.</p>

      <p>Inside Daphne’s purse, a shrunk trunk held the matching ear piece mirrors, all pointed towards each other in a circle.</p>

      <p>“This is Eagle Eyes,” Daphne said. “Call ins, now.”</p>

      <p>“Healer,” “Bulldozer,” “Shadow,” replied Hermione, Luna, and Ginny. Their voices echoed in their ears.</p>

      <p>“Babysitter,” said Alex in a deadpan voice.</p>

      <p>Daphne nodded. “Today’s operation will be a two phase plan. Our primary goal is the destruction of the main threat, the basilisk, by any means. The secondary goal is the absolutely secrecy of the operation. A third goal is the recovery and securing of the basilisk corpse.”</p>

      <p>Daphne brought a finger down on the table, on which had been placed a map. “At or around eleven o’clock, the guests from outside the castle will start to arrive...”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Lord Potter felt a thrill as he stepped down from the headless carriage which brought him and his wife up from Hogsmeade. The Hogwarts Dueling Tournament always did that for him. He was rather less thrilled when he realized just who was stepping down from the carriage ahead of them.</p>

      <p>“Lord Malfoy.”</p>

      <p>“Lord Potter.”</p>

      <p>“Lily.”</p>

      <p>“Narsissa.”</p>

      <p>The four magicals gave each other nods before turning towards the walk to the arena.</p>

      <p>It took a moment for Lord Potter to realise that Narsissa had taken Lily off to the side, leaving him alone with the leader of the Dark.</p>

      <p>“I believe we have seating next to each other,” Malfoy said.</p>

      <p>Lord Potter checked and saw that it was true. He scowled.</p>

      <p>“Now, come on, James,” Malfoy said in an oily voice. “Do you truly hate me so much?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“Ouch. ”</p>

      <p>They soon found their seats in the quickly filling dueling arena.</p>

      <p>“It should be quite a show,” Malfoy said, raising his voice above the general hubub. A random cheer went up from the crowd as Ludo Bagman took the mic. “Shame that John couldn’t be here. You didn’t get the mandrake brewed in time?”</p>

      <p>“No,” Lord Potter scowled.</p>

      <p>“Not to worry. This will be the perfect opportunity to show you just how strong my Virgo is. And why she will be worth every galleon I ask.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Daphne jabbed her finger again. “...Along with Lord Potter and Lord Malfoy, other persons of interest include the minister, the humblehag, several department heads, over fifty other lords, and Alex’s father, Lord Black...”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Sirius Black stared in shock across the arena. Was James really sitting side by side with Lord Malfoy, just chatting away as though they were best friends?</p>

      <p>“I say,” said a random wizard beside him. “Is that Lord Potter sitting side by side with Lord Malfoy, just chatting away as though they were best friends?”</p>

      <p>“It does seem so,” said another.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“...Ludo Bagman will officially open the tournament will officially at exactly eleven thirty. I will place myself on top of the owlery, keeping an eye out for critical events. After that, we all play our roles according to the plan.” Daphne nodded to where Harry stood watching the meeting by the door. “Good luck.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“And now!” Bellowed the voice of Ludo Bagman across the space. “I welcome you all! My lords and ladies, wizards and witches, to the annual Hogwarts Dueling Tournament!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Far off in the distance, behind the walls of the arena, the crowd cheered. Standing at the gates and looking up at the castle with a nostalgic gaze, Albus Dumbeldore took a moment to sort his feelings out before stepping back onto the grounds he’d been so unceremoniously booted from the previous year.</p>

      <p>“Dumbledore!” exclaimed a surprised Professor Vector, she who was checking the tickets of all who arrived. “I didn’t know you were coming.”</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t stay away,” he said with mild amusement. “I may not be headmaster anymore, but I can’t help wanting to know how well the next generation is progressing.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Up on the owelery roof, a golden eagle turned into a young blonde haired witch with blue eyes. “Snake Crown, this is Eagle Eyes. Light Goat has been spotted and is walking towards the arena. I repeat, I have eyes on Light Goat. Please advise.”</p>

      <p>An echoy voice echoed in her ear through the headpiece. “Eagle Eyes this is Snake Crown. Keep eyes on path to castle and alert if Light Goat moves towards. Do not. I repeat do not engage. Hopefully he’ll be too busy being freaked out by Alex and Virgo to notice anything odd going on.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“—and after the events of last year,” echoed the voice of Ludo Bagman, all around the arena, “I have been required to remind you all that Hogwarts dueling rules <em>do</em> in fact allow family magics, as well as other, err.. historically important transfiguration abilities.”</p>

      <p>In the Slytherin girl’s changing rooms, Alex smirked as she pulled her dragon hide boots on over her socks.</p>

      <p>Standing by the door, Hermione, the only other girl on the team, was already dressed. “Dumbledore just arrived,” she whispered into the stillness.</p>

      <p>Alex grinned. “Going to face him down again?”</p>

      <p>“If he tries to arrest you, yes.”</p>

      <p>The two girls gazed at each other.</p>

      <p>Alex finished tiying her laces, pattered down the skirts of her dueling robes, and walked to stand beside Hermione, facing the corridor leading to waiting room.</p>

      <p>Then walked together down the corridor.</p>

      <p>“For Slytherin?” Alex asked.</p>

      <p>Hermione nodded. “For Harry.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>The moment <em>he</em> arrived in the arena, the part of Virgo’s soul that was Tom Riddle screamed in fury.</p>

      <p>Dumbledore. Even through the walls she could feel him.</p>

      <p>Virgo gripped her wand tighter.</p>

      <p>“The first match will be Ravenclaw vs. Griffindor!” bellowed the voice of Ludo Bagman. “Please welcome into the arena, the Ravenclaw first year seed, Timmothy Adams!”</p>

      <p>“It’s time!” said the Gryffindor dueling captain, jerking up from his bench. “I want you all focused.” He opened the door. The sounds of the crowd outside flooded into the room. “Good luck, Miss Minister.” He grinned at her.</p>

      <p>Virgo looked up at the seventh-year. He was boyishly attractive, but didn’t come close to John in either power or ambition.</p>

      <p>“I do not require luck,” she said, evenly, standing up and brushing herself down. “I will destroy them all.”</p>

      <p>“Glad to hear it.”</p>

      <p>“And now, please welcome into the arena, our Gryffindor first year seed and Hogwarts’ first ever Minister of the Student Wardrobe, Miss Virgo Malfoy!”</p>

      <p>Virgo walked out at the head of the team to applause that was deafening. It would be interesting to see how Dumbledore reacted to an incredibly talented student whose childhood wardrobe he hadn’t set on fire.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Dumbledore stared in fascination as a child that should not exist walked into the dueling arena.</p>

      <p>She was Julia Olsen, a muggleborn from Sweden, or so the records showed. Yet the same records showed that she’d originally been a squib, cast out by the Malfoys and shipped abroad to spare the family the embarrassment.</p>

      <p>When the Lucius and Narssissa realized their mistake, they’d sent for her back, and she’d accepted, with open arms, apparently.</p>

      <p>And now here she was. Confident, poised, powerful, well-liked, by all accounts. And a Gryffindor... That last bit was surprising.</p>

      <p>She marched up to the Ravenclaw boy and boldly offered her hand to him.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>The boy was determined, Virgo could see that. They shook hands and she used the cheering of the crowd as an opportunity to lean in close. “I will beat you,” she whispered into his ear. “And then I will beat your second-year. And then your third. Your fourth. Your fifth. You will be angry and humiliated by your loss. But when you see how effortlessly I crush your teammates, you will understand that fighting me is like trying to punch a flood.”</p>

      <p>Virgo leaned back and saw the boys eyes wide.</p>

      <p>She flashed him a smile she knew would be described as cute. It would only add to the boy’s shame. “No hard feelings.”</p>

      <p>The noise of the crowd started to settle down.</p>

      <p>“Quiet please!” Bagman called out.</p>

      <p>The crowd grew silent.</p>

      <p>Virgo moved to her position and bowed in time with the Ravenclaw.</p>

      <p>There was a moment of stillness.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, a bagpipe sounded a note.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Inside the Slytherin Dungeons, Harry couldn’t hear anything from the arena outside. He was entirely dependent on the girls for critical infomation.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, his earpiece activated. “Snake Crown this is Book Worm,” said Hermione’s echoey voice in Harry’s ear. “Diary is engaged. Phase one is go.”</p>

      <p>“Copy that,” Harry said. “Phase one is go.” He turned to Luna. “Ready to play our part?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Harry,” Luna said dreamily.</p>

      <p>“Good.”</p>

      <p>They both readied their wands. They were in the very deepest part of the dungeon — in a dead-end that normally, not even Filch bothered patrolling.</p>

      <p>With his total control of the wards for the day, Harry reached into the ancient magic that protected Hogwarts and deactivated a very specific protection.</p>

      <p>“Go!” he barked.</p>

      <p>The two ran up the corridor, and split at the first junction. They both immediately shouted, “Stupefy!” and the two paintings on either side of the adjoining hall froze in place with looks of shock on their faces.</p>

      <p>Harry raced left, while Luna raced right.</p>

      <p>“Stupefy!” “Stupefy!” “Stupefy!”</p>

      <p>Painting after painting froze in place.</p>

      <p>They dashed around the dungeon covering every corridor they knew. Every secret passage way. Every nook and cranny.</p>

      <p>It was a race against time now. They had the entire school to cover before they could safely engage the basilisk with no witnesses, and only the time of the dueling tournament in which to do it.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Rictumsempra!” shouted the Ravenclaw.</p>

      <p>Virgo said nothing. She merely slashed her wand diagonally and a hurricane force wind blasted out, sending dust and grass flying.</p>

      <p>The Ravenclaw’s spell vanished into the cloud and a split second later, he himself was knocked back across the ground, falling with a cry, skidding on his shoulder, stopping the fall with his hands.</p>

      <p>When the dust cleared, Virgo stood unmarked in the epicenter of a flattened circle of grass. She smiled. “Come!” she shouted. “Show me your worth!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Oh! Look at that!” Bellowed the voice of Ludo Bagman. “That was a close one. Stunner right by the ear. Banishing charm full in the chest! Ouch! I say, was that a slug belcher?! Don’t see that much these days. Whops! Got to be more careful there, young man. Great scott! I thought she was going for the kill there!”</p>

      <p>The whole arena ooo’d and ahh’d as the two first years dueled. Or rather, while Virgo dueled and her opponent got smacked around like a rag doll.</p>

      <p>In the Hufflepuff team pit, Susan could barely watch. She sat with her hands over her face, peering through cracks in her fingers.</p>

      <p>Beside her, Marigold Chesterfield elbowed her in the ribs and cheerfully commented, “She’s really good, isn’t she?”</p>

      <p>Susan didn’t reply. Her face was flaming with embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“I mean, she could just end this in an instant, but she’s giving him lots of time to have fun as well.”</p>

      <p>Susan gritted her teeth.</p>

      <p>“That’s so thoughtful. I can see why she’s your friend.”</p>

      <p>Susan snapped. A moment later she was on her feet. “Virgo!” she screamed across the arena. “Stop playing with him and win!”</p>

      <p>She saw Virgo turn her head in their direction. One red spell aimed properly later, and the Ravenclaw first-year fell face first into the dirt.</p>

      <p>“First match to Gryffindor!” Bagman bellowed. “Gryffindor — one. Ravenclaw — nill!”</p>

      <p>Susan breathed out.</p>

      <p>“My turn!” Marigold sang. She hopped up and brushed down the folds of her dueling robes.</p>

      <p>“Marigold!” called an older voice behind them. They both turned. Cedric Diggory gave the muggleborn a look that said he meant business. “Remember your role,” he said. “Black is not to be taken lightly. Wear her down and expose as many of her tricks as you can.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Captain.” And with that, she practically ran into the arena. She didn’t even wait for Bagman to announce her.</p>

      <p>“I’m not captain yet,” Cedric grumbled.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Come-on!” Filtch yelled. “Out with you!”</p>

      <p>“But I told you I’ve got homework to finish!” complained the third-year Gryffindor Filtch was dragging along by his ear.</p>

      <p>“And I told you you can do your bleed’n homework outside!” He yanked open one of the many smaller doors to the castle and practically threw the boy out.</p>

      <p>The boy stumbled away with a curse.</p>

      <p>“And that’s the lot of ‘em.” Filtch said.</p>

      <p>Not too far away, Ginny scowled under her breath, crouched and hidden under the invisibility cloak. That was <em>not</em> ‘the lot of ‘em’.</p>

      <p>She inspected the Mauradeer’s Map and saw that four students were still in the castle —&#160;four students and one teacher.</p>

      <p>“Eagle Eyes, this is Shadow,” Ginny whispered into her ear mirror. “Caretaker has ceased his role with non-combatants still in the castle.”</p>

      <p>“Understood, Shadow,” said Daphne’s echoey voice in her ear. “Begin rounding up the stragglers. Snake Crown, Did you hear that?”</p>

      <p>“I heard,” said Harry’s voice, sounding like he was running hard. “Shadow, take only the students. I’ll handle the teacher.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Hermione frowned as she listened to the chatter on her ear mirror. What teacher was still in the castle? She could see Professor Vector in the crowd. There was Mcgnagall. And there was Snape, Pince, Lockhart, Babbling, and Lily Potter. Flitwick was sat with his Ravenclaws, as was Sprout with her Hufflepuffs. Sinistra and Burbage were also sat together. And she knew Binns had been taken with the Headless Haunt, much to the old geezer’s great displeasure. Hooch didn’t live in the castle, Pomfrey was down by the arena pit with her wand at the ready, and Kettleburn was in Saint Mungoes, again. So who did that leave?</p>

      <p>Alex stood up. “My time is now,” she whispered.</p>

      <p>“And now!” Bagman bellowed. “For the Slytherin team, please welcome, Heiress Alexandra Patrica Black!”</p>

      <p>Alex walked down the steps and into the arena, dueling robes billowing out all around her.</p>

      <p>Hermione stared after her. There wasn’t a single guest of wind anywhere to be felt. Had she charmed them to do that?</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>On the other side of the stands, Sirius chuckled as Alex walked out into the arena like a pint-sized morgana le fay. Had it really been almost twelve years?</p>

      <p>“I say, fancy seeing you here!”</p>

      <p>Sirius started and looked around. He sighed when he saw who it was. Lord Lovegood, and behind him, Lord Greengrass.</p>

      <p>“Sirius!” Xenophilius sat down cheerfully next to him. “Just in time for Alex’s debut! How do you think she’ll do?”</p>

      <p>“She’ll win,” he said simply. “But what are you—”</p>

      <p>Before he could make any kind of protest, Lord Greengrass sat down on his other side.</p>

      <p>“—doing here?” he finished. He suddenly felt rather trapped.</p>

      <p>“Just looking for the best view,” Greengrass said in a polite voice. “Xeno saw two seats free and I hoped whoever was already here wouldn’t begrudge us too much.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all,” Sirius found himself grumbling. He hated politics, and there was no doubt in his mind the real reason these two had pinned him like this.</p>

      <p>“So, who’s the competition?” Xeno asked.</p>

      <p>“Err, not sure,” Sirius said. “A muggleborn, I think.”</p>

      <p>“And now, for the Hufflepuff team!” Ludo’s voice echoed. “Practically already in the fight! With the way she just ran in like that… very enthusastic. Please welcome, Miss Marigold Chesterfield!”</p>

      <p>The crowd applauded.</p>

      <p>Jacob clapped politely. “Anyone fancy a flutter?”</p>

      <p>“On if Alex wins?” Xeno asked. “No one’s taking that bet, old chap.”</p>

      <p>“No, on how far she gets. I would put five galleons on two rounds.”</p>

      <p>“Five galleons, hmm? I don’t think you’re giving the witch enough credit, Jacob. I say three rounds.”</p>

      <p>Three rounds? Sirius frowned as he watched his little girl square up against the hufflepuff. He knew she was good, but could she really go three rounds? Sure, she had the advantage of being an animagus, which massively helped with magic regeneration, and he’d been suspecting for a while that the missing Black Library was in some way her doing, but that wouldn’t help against an older opponent who simply knew more magic. On the other hand, he was her father, and he’d promised himself to be more supportive.</p>

      <p>“Seven rounds!” he shouted, making Jacob flinch and cover his ear. “I say seven!”</p>

      <p>“Okay then,” Xeno replied with an amused look on his face. “Clearly you know something we don’t.”</p>

      <p>“Harry <em>has</em> been training her,” Jacob said with a thoughtful look.</p>

      <p>“You know Harry?” Sirius asked, suddenly all ears.</p>

      <p>“Why, of course. Are you surprised?”</p>

      <p>Sirius thought about it. “I suppose I shouldn’t be.”</p>

      <p>Xeno smiled. “And there is that <em>thing</em> announced in the back of the Daily Prophet that everyone who pays attention knows about, but most people don’t so they’ll all be very surprised when Alex whips it out.” He caught Sirius’ eye. “But I took that <em>thing</em> into account with my bet.”</p>

      <p>Jacob stared at Xeno. “What thing?”</p>

      <p>“Hah!” Xeno laughed. “The leader of the Gray, not being in the loop? For shame, Jacob.”</p>

      <p>Sirius ignored this and stubbornly folded his arms. “Seven rounds.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Alex’s heart beat like a drum. Her pupils were dilated. Her breathe was short. Her vision narrowed down to the happy Hufflepuff in front of her, bouncing up and down on the tips of her sensible shoes. Alex could feel the gaze of thousands on her.</p>

      <p>She held her wand firmly. How should she do this? She couldn’t show off too much. That would spoil the surprise. Last year, Harry had slowly ramped up over the course of the tournament. She’d watched the memory more times than she would ever admit to anyone.</p>

      <p>That’s what she needed to do.</p>

      <p>She needed to slowly ramp up her powers. She had her animagus form —&#160;her secret weapon that would allow her to safely regain her magic and let her outlast even the seventh years. She had her family magic —&#160;the Black chains, her favorite, but also several choice hexes that would be more than useful. Spell swatting, a bit of wandless magic, a bit of silent casting, and, of course, magic sensing. She also had a few special tricks which she’d been working on during their time stuck in the animagus ritual.</p>

      <p>Marrigold waved at her, and around the arena, the spectators started to quiet.</p>

      <p>Alex nodded, put a hand behind her back, angled herself to the side, and thrust out her wand arm with a flourish.</p>

      <p>For this duel, she’d just rely on stunners and shields. There shouldn’t be any need for anything more complicated. Even before she came to Hogwarts, she’d been fighting against Ginny and Luna for nearly half a year. Alex smirked.</p>

      <p>“Quiet, please!” boomed Bagman.</p>

      <p>Alex heard her own breath.</p>

      <p>As soon as the bagpipes sounded, she jabbed her wand forward and, at exactly the same time, both her and her opponent shouted, “Stupefy!”</p>

      <p>The red spells shot towards each other, collided in the middle, and exploded in a small wave of magic.</p>

      <p>Alex already had her shield up, ready for the follow up chain. But the chain never came.</p>

      <p>Marigold smiled at her across the arena.</p>

      <p>Alex frowned.</p>

      <p>“A synced test shot!” shouted Ludo Bagman across the space. “They’re feeling each other out. A powerful exchange for first years. I felt that smack from here! We don’t often see caution like this, but I’m sure the follow up will be quite something.”</p>

      <p>Alex controlled her breathing, not taking her gaze off the Hufflepuff Muggleborn for even a moment. Which was just as well, what came next required every once of her concentration. Marigold let loose a torrent of spells at her, most of which she blocked. The last few broke through her shield though, and Alex watched with wide eyes as a bright red spell came at her. Time seemed to slow as she leaned away, and the spell passed only a few inches from were her head had been mere moments ago.</p>

      <p>Then the world sped back up again.</p>

      <p>Alex gasped.</p>

      <p>“I say, that was a close one!” Bagman bellowed.</p>

      <p>Marigold smiled and waved at her again.</p>

      <p>Alex gripped her wand tight. She felt blood rush to her head. Was her opponent even taking this seriously?! Her occlumency alerted her to the fact that her emotions were starting to get the better of her, but at that moment, she didn’t care. Anger was the correct reaction here. She should just unleash everything she had. If she went full Grim and chains, there would be nothing this witch could— No! Alex mentally shook herself. That wasn’t the correct thing to do. Think of how Lord Slytherin would deal with the situation. He’d be cool. He’d be awesome.</p>

      <p>Alex straighted and flicked her black hair over her shoulder. “Impressive,” she called out while raising her wand again. “But can you take as well as you give?”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Harry ran down yet another corridor in the Hogwarts Dungeons.</p>

      <p>“Tag! You’re it!” Luna cheerfully shouted as he passed her at an intersection</p>

      <p>“You do <em>know</em> we’re about to fight an apex killing machine, right?” he called after her.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I’m having fun now!” came her fading reply.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Fwoah! This is pretty intense!” Xenophilus had to shout to make himself heard over the exclamations of the crowd. The first Gryffindor/Ravenclaw match had set the expectation bar high, for sure, but while the fight between Virgo Malfoy and her Ravenclaw opponenet had been a one-sided beat down, this was something else.</p>

      <p>Sirius watched intensely with eyes locked on the arena. He wasn’t sure at what point Alex and the Hufflepuff muggleborn had really stopped playing around, but it was clear that neither was doing so now.</p>

      <p>Their spells were basic and the power in each wasn’t anything to write home about, comparatively speaking, at least. But that wasn’t what had the crowd so worked up. No, that was down to the first years’ sheer speed.</p>

      <p>“Great Scott!” Bagman bellowed. “Stunner! Breaker! Tripper! Basher! Disengage! Back to shield! Stunner! Hello! Rail! Into shield! Backroll! Down! Swat! Swat! Swat! Disengage! Another hello!”</p>

      <p>The number of spells in the air at the same time was ridiculous. They’d seen something like this last year, when Harry had gone up against Nymphadora, but Nym couldn’t spell swat. Both of these two could.</p>

      <p>And when had <em>that</em> happened?! Sirius asked himself as he watched Alex and Marrigold dance around each other like professional duelists twice their age. Just when had one of the most difficult to master feats of magical combat been reduced to a first year’s warm up spectacle?!</p>

      <p>Hells, <em>he’d</em> only mastered spell swatting not too long ago.</p>

      <p>“Duel disengage! Both combatants take their distance! Looks like they’re letting their magic recharge!”</p>

      <p>That look on Alex’s face though. Sirius watched the snarl and practically felt the hackles raise on his neck in response. She did look amazingly like a tiny Bellatrix when she did that. Why wasn’t she going Grim? He knew she could. He knew she knew she was allowed to. Why wasn’t she doing it? Not pride, surely?</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>The crowd roared encouragement.</p>

      <p>Alex got her breath back and straightened again. She glared daggers at her opponent. This was supposed to be a simple fight. She swore, Granger was going to get an earful for not mentioning that her student could spell swat! Did she think that wasn’t an important piece of information or something?!</p>

      <p>Marigold looked similarly winded to her. She gave Alex a faint smile that said they were ready to go at it again.</p>

      <p>Alex shook herself. She raised her wand. “I think we’ve danced long enough!” she declared with a snarl.</p>

      <p>“I agree!” Marigold called back.</p>

      <p>“Let’s end this!”</p>

      <p>“Let’s!”</p>

      <p>“They both look ready to go again!” bellowed Bagman.</p>

      <p>The crowd roared.</p>

      <p>Alex planted both her feet firmly into the dirt, squared her shoulders and yelled, “Come at me, mugglepuff!”</p>

      <p>And so it began.</p>

      <p>“Stunner!” Bagman shouted. “Breaker! Shield! Swat! Swat! Tripper! Basher! Re-shield! Hello! Closing the distance! Stunner into jinx chain! Tripper—WHAT?!”</p>

      <p>It seemed to happen in slow motion. Alex felt the intent to trip form in the muggleborn’s empty hand. She felt the magic concentrate, felt the power raise to the tips of her fingers, felt it destabilize.</p>

      <p>She felt the tripping spell detonate right in its caster’s own face.</p>

      <p>Alex acted on instinct. She didn’t shield or worry about her own defense. She was in the middle of forming a different spell on her wand, but that didn’t matter. Intent to stun formed on the finger tips of her own free hand. Her spell flew straight and true right at the muggleborn who even now was falling forward.</p>

      <p>Marigold landed face-first in the dirt and a split-second later, Alex’s stunner tagged her right between the shoulder blades. The Hufflepuff witch didn’t move.</p>

      <p>The arena went silent. This lasted just long enough to become awkward.</p>

      <p>“Err, victory to Heiress Black!” Bagman finally announced. “Slytherin 1 —&#160;Hufflepuff 0!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Tag,” Harry declared as he and Luna met at another crossing.</p>

      <p>“Oh, poo!”</p>

      <p>They both turned and started sprinting up a flight of stairs, out of the dungeons.</p>

      <p>“You got all your paintings?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Harry. Also, tag!”</p>

      <p>“You can’t tag me on the stairs!”</p>

      <p>“Can too!”</p>

      <p>They reached the top of the stairs and sprinted past the side door to the Great Hall. “I go left, you go right.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Harry.”</p>

      <p>“Also, tag!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Dumbledore watched Sirius’ daughter return to the Slytherin dueling team and start to visibly argue with Miss Granger.</p>

      <p>Very impressive skills for one so young. But of the two, he was honestly more shocked at Miss Chesterfield’s performance. He’d never have considered it possible for a muggleborn to display such talent and magical sophistication so early in her magical journey. Even accounting for that misfire right at the end, the mere fact of being able to attempt a wandless spell was rather astounding. Of course, Miss Granger probably could, but that would be explainable. She was being directly trained by Lord Slytherin…</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>"Gryffindor Versus Ravenclaw — year one, Miss Virgo Malfoy vs. year two, Su Li of the Chinese House of Li! Miss Li’s first showing was last year against John Potter, the first time we saw Heir Potter’s—Um…” Bagman hesitated for just a second, and anyone who knew him could hear the internal struggle between the desire to stay on Lord Potter’s good side, and speaking the mostly known, but as yet unspoken inconvientant truth. Eventually, he compromised by putting on his most dramatic voice and bellowing, “the time we saw our first taste of what a dueling powerhouse our most valued national treasure, the boy. Who. Lived, would turn out to be! Let’s see how Miss Li fairs this year against Miss Malfoy!”</p>

      <p>Up in the oak bleachers, James Potter scowled.</p>

      <p>Beside him, Lord Malfoy chuckled. “Don’t worry, James. I won’t insist on more galleons for Virgo’s contract owing to your son’s embarrassing situation.”</p>

      <p>“Good.” James glared at him. “Because I fully intend to sort out the situation with my rightful heir well before it becomes important.”</p>

      <p>Malfoy sucked in through his teeth. “Tut-tut. You really shouldn’t say things like that. You never know when that kind of declaration could come back to bite you.”</p>

      <p>James blanched. “I don’t mean it like that!”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure you did not. Murder in the old families rarely ends well. You would do well to remember that you <em>are</em> an old family, James. The greater the responsibility granted to us by the Albion, the greater the punishment for abuse. That’s not to say that it isn’t done, but I wouldn’t wish my daughter to marry into a family with that kind of modus operandi.”</p>

      <p>James spluttered. “<em>You’re</em> lecturing <em>me</em> on the morality of blood warfare?!”</p>

      <p>Malfoy gave him a cold look. “And what are you insinuating?”</p>

      <p>James bit his tongue. He despised making nice with Lucius, but he had to remind himself why he was doing this.</p>

      <p>Malfoy nodded. “That’s what I thought.”</p>

      <p>“Quiet please!” bellowed Ludo Bagman.</p>

      <p>The crowd silenced</p>

      <p>Malfoy turned forward in his chair. “I may not charge you more for your son’s heirship situation, but I certainly will charge you more for <em>this</em>.”</p>

      <p>Bagpipes sounded. Within thirty seconds it was over.</p>

      <p>The crowd roared.</p>

      <p>Su Li lay face down in the dirt. She’d ultimately faired little better than when she’d faced John in the last dueling tournament.</p>

      <p>“Gryffindor — 2! Ravenclaw — 0!”</p>

      <p>Lord Malfoy clapped with the rest of the crowd, looking very satisfied.</p>

      <p>“I thought you hated your daughter,” James grumbled.</p>

      <p>“I despise what she is becoming and the company she keeps. That doesn’t mean I am blind to her value. She is a Malfoy. She will serve your son well. You know this to be true. And if not <em>your</em> son, then I know a few older lords who are still shopping around for a younger bride.”</p>

      <p>James cursed. “What about your heir?”</p>

      <p>“Once Draco is awake, I will direct my efforts to making sure the one who put him in that state pays for it.”</p>

      <p>They watched the healer enervate the Ravenclaw and then lead both combatants out of the arena.</p>

      <p>“And if you’ll excuse me for just a moment,” Lord Malfoy stood. “I think I just need to use the bathroom for a moment.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Excellent job, Virgo,” said Samantha North, current dueling team captain, when Virgo arrived back at the Gryffindor dugout.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, excellent,” said Cormac Mcluggen. “I hope you’re not going to go all Potter on us, minister? I’d actually like the chance to do something this year.”</p>

      <p>“Mcluggen,” Samantha replied in a warning voice.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Captain.”</p>

      <p>Virgo ignored him and sat down, but barely any time at all passed before a charmed origami bird flapped into her hands and unfolded itself.</p>

      <p><em>Please meet me at once. I’d like a quick word.</em></p>

      <p><em>- Your father.</em></p>

      <p>Virgo pocketed the note. A quick look around the arena revealed that, yes, it did look like there would be a few moments before the next match started.</p>

      <p>“I will be right back,” she said, standing up.</p>

      <p>“Don’t be too long!” Miss North called after her.</p>

      <p>Once in the relative darkness of the arena corridors, Virgo took stock. Her father wanted a word. Of course, she’d been expecting it. There was only so much it was wise to speak of in an owl, and unfortunately, Dobby could no longer get into the castle to pass a private message.</p>

      <p>She had to get her best dark lady together.</p>

      <p>The consequences if Lord Malfoy learned that she was no longer pure Voldemort were still terrible to contemplate. But, again, she was a Dark Lady, so she’d still contemplated them, just like she had with the basilisk.</p>

      <p>Still, this meeting would be short. There simply wasn’t much time until her next match.</p>

      <p>Virgo walked along the corridor until she felt the tell-tale feeling of crossing an alert ward. Naturally, Lord Malfoy would have completely warded the meeting spot against eavesdroppers and snoopers. She turned the next corner and, as expected, found her sort-of adopted father waiting for her.</p>

      <p>He looked taller than she remembered.</p>

      <p>“Virgo,” he said.</p>

      <p>“Father,” she replied.</p>

      <p>“You will understand that I have questions. What exactly is your plan?”</p>

      <p>Virgo smirked. “As per my original plan, we are locating and lodging evidence with our agents in the Daily Prophet that will severally undermine Lord Slytherin’s position.”</p>

      <p>“The nature of Slytherin’s monster.”</p>

      <p>“More than that.”</p>

      <p>“More?” Lucious raised an eyebrow. “Then, what, daughter of mine, might be the nature of this evidence? And why deem it necessary to lodge it yourself? I could have effected this far easier than you.”</p>

      <p>That was technically true, but would also hand over too much tactical power. Virgo wanted to keep her hands on the levers as much as possible. Plus, there was also a secret trump card to think of, and letting Lord Malfoy in on that would be unthinkable. She tried an all-knowing look mixed with bored disdain. “I discovered another way down into the chamber. One not blocked by Lord Slytherin. I investigated, along with the boy-who-lived and Amelia Bones’ niece. After reconfirming control of the Basilisk, we continued to explore and found evidence that Lord Slytherin had been there, and even Harry Potter. They had clearly been engaged in a high-level ritual when they abandoned the chamber. Massive clay pots. Furniture. A recently-made bed. Even a few papers, though nothing too damning, unfortunately. I am still researching the nature of the ritual, but I have my suspicions.”</p>

      <p>Lord Malfoy raised an eyebrow. “You trust Potter and Bones not to expose you?”</p>

      <p>“Potter is much less of a goody too shoes then you’d expect. And Bones follows Potter everywhere like a puppy. They will be no problem.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe, but I still do not see why I could not have handled this for you.”</p>

      <p>“I am planning to deal Slytherin a series of damaging blows, one after the other. Negative press on top of negative press —&#160;culminating in one final death blow. One that will destroy the credibility of the Gray as a faction and allow the Dark to hoover up the scattered noble houses. It requires tactical awareness on the ground.”</p>

      <p>“You are in school.”</p>

      <p>Virgo said nothing.</p>

      <p>Lord Malfoy clicked his tongue. “In truth, I am not that perturbed, at least, not with any of that. Any damage you can do the Gray is welcome.” He leaned closer. “Now, perhaps you can explain your other recent actions.”</p>

      <p>“Father?”</p>

      <p>For the first time that Virgo could remember since Julia had been kidnapped, Lord Malfoy’s tone turned sharp. “Don’t play coy with me, Virgo. You know exactly what I’m talking about. I’m talking about your brother — your brother, who is currently in the Hogwarts Hospital Wing, petrified.”</p>

      <p>“He was the logical choice, for multiple reasons.”</p>

      <p>Lord Malfoy’s eyes narrowed. “When you became my daughter, you took an oath to <em>protect</em> your brother.”</p>

      <p>“And I am. That is one of the multiple reasons.”</p>

      <p>“How is <em>petrifying</em> Draco, protecting hi—” He stopped. There was a long moment of silence. Slowly, realization dawned in his eyes. “Oh,” he said.</p>

      <p>Virgo smiled. “Yes.”</p>

      <p>Lucious gave her a incredibly calculating look. “You used an ancient monster who’s gaze means death, to petrify your brother, in order to protect his mind against the poison of Lord Slytherin, while under his influence.”</p>

      <p>Virgo gave him her best superior smirk.</p>

      <p>Malfoy just looked annoyed. “That was not necessary. I had plans in progress to mitigate the damage from my son’s foolery.”</p>

      <p>“You do not know the full picture. If you did, you would consider my actions prudent.”</p>

      <p>“And when will I learn this full picture?”</p>

      <p>“Soon.”</p>

      <p>At that moment, they both felt the magical ping from the alert ward that indicated someone was approaching.</p>

      <p>Virgo quickly retreated, but before she turned the corner, she paused to look over her shoulder. “I have given you a chance, Father. I advise you not to waste it.”</p>

      <p>Virgo didn’t look back again. Soon she was out back in the sunny outdoor arena.</p>

      <p>“—Black!” Bagman finished bellowing.</p>

      <p>The crowd roared.</p>

      <p>“And for the Hufflepuffs, the niece of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement! Heiress Susan Bones!”</p>

      <p>Virgo sat back down, leaned back, and got chills all down her back. Her robes were soaked with cold sweat.</p>

      <p>“The Chief Auror’s daughter vs the Department Head’s niece! This should be a spectacular one!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Butter beer, dear?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, thanks, Lily.” James took a sip then did a double take when Malfoy retook his seat next to him. “What’s up with you?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing,” Malfoy replied. “Incidentally, I want another one thousand galleons.”</p>

      <p>James spat out his beer.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Come on, Ludo,” Sirius groaned. “Don’t do this to me.”</p>

      <p>Down in the arena, an animated alex was making angry swishing motions with her wand. Whatever she and her muggleborn friend, Granger, had discussed, clearly she wasn’t happy with it.</p>

      <p>“Cheer up, old chap!” said Xeno, slapping him on the back. “Your girl’s kicking arse. Only six more to go to win your bet.”</p>

      <p>“True,” said Jacob. “But that is a Bones down there. It would be wise not to under estimate her.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Stop playing around, Alex,” Alex muttered, putting on her best impression of Hermione. She swiped with her wand again. “Overwhelming force, Alex. You’re not Harry, Alex. So what if I want to put on a show?!”</p>

      <p>“I can hear you, you know,” Susan called out to her.</p>

      <p>The two girls locked eyes.</p>

      <p>Alex steadied her breath. “Sorry, Susan.”</p>

      <p>“Alex, if you don’t fight me seriously, I swear I won’t come to your next birthday party!”</p>

      <p>Alex grimaced. Damn it. She glanced back to where Hermione was watching with her arms folded. “Fine!” she eventually called out. “You want to face my full power? Then you shall have it! Just for you, Susan!”</p>

      <p>Looks like she was going to play her major cards right here and right now.</p>

      <p>Overwhelming force. Alex cast her mind back to her time in the animagus ritual —&#160;to swinging around a fourteen tonne killing machine while it did it’s best to bite her in two at the waist —&#160;to dodging and swatting spells from up to three combatants at once.</p>

      <p>“Quiet, please!” Bagman called.</p>

      <p>The crowd went silent.</p>

      <p>Seconds passed.</p>

      <p>A bagpipe sounded.</p>

      <p>Immediately, Susan waved her wand and half a dozen rocks shot up into the air, around her.</p>

      <p>Alex thrust out her wand straight in front of her, firing a Black chain right at Susan.</p>

      <p>A rock moved to intercept. A second rock shot at her like a canon ball.</p>

      <p>With a flick of her wrist, Alex caught the first rock and sent the second careening up into the air with a wandless stunner.</p>

      <p>“A draw!” Bagman shouted.</p>

      <p>Alex’s lip curled upwards as she let go of the first rock and sent her chains up after the second. A flurry of spells shot towards her.</p>

      <p>“Wandless spell swatting!” Bagman shouted. “The question is, can Heiress Bones match her?”</p>

      <p>The rock finished it’s climb into the air just as the chain caught it, along with a quick engorgio fired off in between spell swats, massively increasing its mass. Alex snapped her chain back to herself and held on for dear life.</p>

      <p>“Merlin!” Bagman bellowed.</p>

      <p>Susan’s eyes went wide, but only for a moment, as Alex left the ground and arced through the sky right at her.</p>

      <p>The crowd watched in stunned silence, but only for a moment. As one they surged to their feet as the chain rotated around the now massive boulder like a Cathrin wheel and powered the Black Heiress on a high speed collision cause with a very hard ground.</p>

      <p>“Pull up!” Bagman shrieked.</p>

      <p>The Black Heiress did not pull up. She continued her path right to the earth, traveling at a respectable speed for a top class racing broom.</p>

      <p>Susan screamed.</p>

      <p>What happened next was not what anyone was expecting. Instead of colliding with the ground and breaking every bone in her body, something shifted just a. split second before she hit the ground.</p>

      <p>The crowd went silent as the Black Heiress vanished through the floor.</p>

      <p>“I—“ Bagman started. “I—what?”</p>

      <p>immediately after he spoke, something phased out of the ground, right behind Susan, like a ghost. It shot up into the air as though fired from a catapult, but not before firing a spell right into Susan’s back at point blank range.</p>

      <p>The massive grim in spectral form completed its arc in the air before landing lighting on the ground. It reverted back to its solid form.</p>

      <p>Susan fell forward into the dirt.</p>

      <p>Somewhere in a nearby a try, an actual fucking cricket chirped.</p>

      <p>“S—Slytherin wins!” Bagman bellowed.</p>

      <p>Alexandra transformed back into her human form.</p>

      <p>And the crowd chose that moment to go nuts.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Harry passed one of the second-floor windows at a dead sprint just as a roar of approval sounded out from the direction of the dueling arena.</p>

      <p>“Bookworm this is Snake Crown. What’s the racket?”</p>

      <p>“ALEX JUST ABSOLUTELY DESTROYED BONES! MERLIN, IT WAS SO GOOD!”</p>

      <p>Daphne’s voice cut in. “Quieter! Crying out loud, that almost deafened me!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Hermione winced. “Sorry, Eagle Eyes.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>On the other side of the arena, Dumbledore clapped along with everyone else. Very impressive. Although it did leave the question as to how exactly the Heiress Black had managed to change the direction of her swing while in spectral form under ground.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Well hello there, young miss,” said the painting of a regal looking knight. “We don’t get many people down here. What can I do for you?”</p>

      <p>Luna waved cheerfully. “So sorry. Can’t talk today.” She put her wand behind her ear. “Stu-pi—” she puffed out her cheeks to comic levels. “—fi!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Wow,” Jacob said looking down into the arena where Alex was being swarmed by her teammates.</p>

      <p>“I was not expecting <em>that</em>,” Xeno concurred.</p>

      <p>Sirius felt like he was going to have a heart attack. He was on his feet. And he suddenly realized, that he couldn’t be more proud if he wanted to be.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Unaware that her status as ‘most awesome ninja’ was potentially under threat, Ginny Weasley lurked, just outside the entrance to the Hufflepuff Common-room, under the invisibility cloak, like a see-through shadow. Her ear-mirror was turned off. There was simply too much noise coming from the arena to keep it on. Get in, get out, turn the ear-mirror back on.</p>

      <p>After a final inspection of the Marauder’s Map, she took out her wand and tapped the needed pattern into the beer barrels that made up the Hufflepuff security system.</p>

      <p>The portal to the room behind opened for her.</p>

      <p>The Hufflepuff common-room was a lot more homey than the Slytherin one, Ginny noticed. It reminded her rather of the Burrow.</p>

      <p>Quietly, she crept forward.</p>

      <p>Then, even more quietly, she crept up to the boy’s fifth year dormitories.</p>

      <p>She pressed her ear to the closed door.</p>

      <p>The sounds of two people happily enjoying each others company came to her, muffled through the wood. Ginny bit her lip. She could only imagine how pissed off she’d be if she was like that, with, say, Harry, and some bitch stunned her out of nowhere and stashed her in a trunk for several hours.</p>

      <p>But it was better to be frustrated than to be dead.</p>

      <p>She cast a quick silecning charm on the door and then, ever so carefully nudged it open. Once wide enough, she slipped through.</p>

      <p>“Hey,” said the boy’s voice in a whisper. He was sitting on the nearest bed with the girl in his lap, and despite what Ginny feared, they were both fully clothed. That made her feel a bit better. “Why’d the door open?”</p>

      <p>“The wind?”</p>

      <p>Ginny carefully pushed the door closed behind her.</p>

      <p>“Maybe…”</p>

      <p>It had to be done carefully. Preferably from a direction neither was looking in, with no mirrors or reflections.</p>

      <p>The girl giggled. “Ignore it. Kiss me.”</p>

      <p>The couple locked lips.</p>

      <p>Both their eyes closed.</p>

      <p>Ginny smiled. Perfect.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Match Virgo!” Ludo Bagman shouted amid the cheering. “Griffindor 3 — Ravenclaw 0!”</p>

      <p>“Mmm,” said Lucious, “Maybe I should add another hundred galleons on for that.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Match Black!” Ludo shouted as another wave of applause swept the arena. “Slytherin 3 — Hufflepuff 0!”</p>

      <p>“And now?” James said back to Lucious. “Seems Virgo’s performance is nothing <em>too</em> special.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Tag!”</p>

      <p>“Tag back!”</p>

      <p>“No fair!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, no running in the corridors!” yelled the painting guarding the third-floor entrance way.</p>

      <p>“Stupify!” “Stupify!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>The magically enhanced voice of Ludo Bagman sounded out of the arena, across the grounds, and up to the top of the Hogwarts Towers. “Match Malfoy! Gryffindor 4 —&#160;Ravenclaw 0!”</p>

      <p>Daphne tilted her head as she watched the grounds… ‘Like a hawk’ would have been literarily appropriate if not literally true.</p>

      <p>Of course, the young witch reflected, there was one very clear weakness to using an eagle animagus as a sentinel. Animagus forms allowed for many types of clothing—even magical clothing—to be merged directly into the form on transformation, stored safe from the world and ready to be used on assuming humanity again—but the same could rarely be said for magical artifacts. Wands were one of the few exceptions, and that was theorized to be due to the strong connection between wand and wizard.</p>

      <p>The ear mirrors, made from the union of Bell and Harper family magics, combined with the Granger’s micro runes, did not fall into this category.</p>

      <p>Even if they did, it would only allow her greater mobility without having to carry the ear piece in her beak, or attached to a bag tied to her talons. Merging with the ear mirrors wouldn’t allow her to use them while transformed.</p>

      <p>Her eyes spotted movement.</p>

      <p>She transformed back into her human form. She picked up her ear mirror and pressed it to the side of her head. “Snake Crown this is Eagle Eyes. An upper year is making her way back to the castle.”</p>

      <p>“Eagles Eyes, this is Snake Crown,” came Harry’s breathy voice. “Understood. Shadow, can you intercept?”</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” said Ginny’s voice. “I’m still in the dungeons. I can get her when she comes in. I see her on the map. But will she be able to get in?”</p>

      <p>“Against Finch’s muggle locks?” cut in Hermione’s voice. “I bet I could have done that as a firsty by halloween.”</p>

      <p>“Understood,” Ginny said “Snake Crown?”</p>

      <p>“Do it.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Anne Creswell’s legs were shaking. The fourth year Hufflepuff, who had so brazenly shit talked her current opponent only a few days previously, was now having serious second thoughts.</p>

      <p>Alexandra Black was grinning at her. The Black heiress’ third fight had not been like her second. She hadn’t gone all out, but neither had she shied away from fully using her grim animagus form to her advantage. Easily waring down their third-year seed over a few minutes of combat. Her opponent hadn’t stood a chance and Black had barely broken a sweat.</p>

      <p>A grim animagus form!</p>

      <p>Anne felt a serious sense of dajavu.</p>

      <p>How was it even possible for a first year to have an animagus form?!</p>

      <p>She was going to get creamed!</p>

      <p>And this time it was much worse because of the bet she’d made. Sweat poured down Anne’s face and they hadn’t even started yet.</p>

      <p>“Umm… Black,” she started. Her voice trembled. “Is it too late to renegotiate?”</p>

      <p>Black just grinned back.</p>

      <p>“Quiet please!” bellowed the announcer.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Sirius leapt to his feet and cheered louder than anyone around him.</p>

      <p>“Slytherin 4 —&#160;Hufflepuff 0!” Ludo bellowed.</p>

      <p>The Cresswell girl was levitated out of the arena by Madam Pomphrey, leaving Alex standing there alone, basking in the crowd’s adoration. Or was that bloodthirst? Either way, he found he didn’t care.</p>

      <p>“She did better than expected for a family of cheese makers,” Lord Greengrass commented. “Did they ever have anyone at Hogwarts before?”</p>

      <p>“Not that I know,” Xeno replied.</p>

      <p>“So, first-gen Hogwarts student.”</p>

      <p>“Seems like it.”</p>

      <p>“Bit unfair, asking her to duel yours, Sirius. When did that animagus rule get changed anyway? I’m pretty sure it wasn’t in place when I left Hogwarts.”</p>

      <p>“You don’t know?” Xeno said loudly over the crowd. “Sirius here <em>is</em> the reason it was changed. Only, he was a sixth-year at the time, so he never had the chance to flex on the much older students. Isn’t that right, Sirius?”</p>

      <p>Sirius grinned. “I flexed hard enough on the seventh years. Were you on the team? I don’t remember.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Behind several feet of solid wood walls, the muffled sound of cheering filtered through to where Susan Bones sat on the floor, in a corner up against the walls, with her arms around her knees.</p>

      <p>Susan was not happy with herself.</p>

      <p>Obviously, she wasn’t happy with her performance. She’d been training so hard with Virgo. Last year, she’d been training hard with John. Both were monsters. Sure, Alex might have been trained by Lord Slytherin — by Harry Potter, she corrected herself —&#160;but so what? Alex wasn’t a time traveller. She didn’t have a whole bunch of teenage Voldemort’s memories. She wasn’t a chosen of Fate and Death. She was just a young witch, like herself. Hells, Alex was a whole year younger than she was!</p>

      <p>It was humiliating!</p>

      <p>Susan clenched her fists.</p>

      <p>But even more than she was unhappy with her performance, Susan was unhappy with what she was doing right now. Straight being enervated, she hadn’t stuck around to get healer treatment. She hadn’t stuck around to accept the condolences of her team mates, or watch Virgo’s next fight against Ravenclaw.</p>

      <p>Nope, she’d run away like a Merlin-damned coward.</p>

      <p>Why had losing this duel affected her so much more than last year’s?</p>

      <p>She wasn’t sure.</p>

      <p>Maybe it was because last year’s loss had been so unexpected. That whole tournament had been like something out of a farcical theater production.</p>

      <p>This year, she thought she’d ben ready.</p>

      <p>Ready to be more than just John and Virgo’s third wheel.</p>

      <p>She’d even sworn that if Virgo’s plots got too out of hand, that she’d be the one to clamp down on them.</p>

      <p>What chance did she have on that if she couldn’t even beat a student a year younger than her, while Virgo demolished year after year?</p>

      <p>“And now for the next match!” came the muffled voice of Mister Bagman. “Malfoy vs. Gomez!”</p>

      <p>Susan stirred.</p>

      <p>She couldn’t take this.</p>

      <p>A bagpipe sounded.</p>

      <p>Susan stood up, whipped her wand around herself, and cast a disillusionment charm.</p>

      <p>The sound of faint chanting started.</p>

      <p>If she was going to be ready to fight Li in the Hufflepuff <span style="text-decoration: line-through;">—</span> Ravenclaw play offs, she needed to clear her head. That meant getting away from here.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Ginny dashed up another corridor, noting as she went, that all the portraits had been stunned. A flex of her magical powers later, and she felt her body shift. Her muscles lengthened. Her body grew fur. A tail sprouted. Her hands turned into paws. Her clothes melded into her body.</p>

      <p>Her ear mirror and the map dropped to the ground. She picked up both with her cheetah-form’s fanged jaws, and carried on a gentle lope. Not as fast as her human form could sprint, but definitely faster than her jog.</p>

      <p>No need for stealth now until she arrived at her next target.</p>

      <p>“Virgo’s won another round,” came the echoey voice of Hermione through the mirror in her mouth, amid a background of other raised voices. “Looks like it’s starting to tax her.”</p>

      <p>Ginny shifted just before the next corner to check her target’s location on the map, just in time to realize what she was coming from the ear mirror.</p>

      <p>Could she really hear the crowd chanting, “Malfoy,”?!</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Yes, they are chanting Malfoy,” Daphne spoke into her ear-mirror, now sitting on the tree branch she’d scoped out before when she’d been interrupted by Hagrid. It wasn’t the absolute best position, but it was a lot easier to sit on this branch as a witch than on the sloped roof. It certainly wasn’t dignified for a young lady of her standing, but what was the point of being an eagle animagus if it didn’t give you a bit of license to adventure. “I only hope they start chanting Alex’s name as well,” she muttered.</p>

      <p>She kept her eyes trained on the pathway between the dueling arena and the castle.</p>

      <p>Dumbledore still hadn’t made a move.</p>

      <p>Not that she was expecting it.</p>

      <p>Hermione would have alerted her if <em>that</em> one left.</p>

      <p>She quickly shifted into her Eagle form for another wide area scan. And not a moment too soon.</p>

      <p>She shifted back to witch so fast she almost lost her balance on the tree.</p>

      <p>“Shadow, this is Eagle-Eyes. I caught a disillusioned figure unlocking the side door.”</p>

      <p>There was silence.</p>

      <p>“Shadow, this is Eagle-Eyes,” Daphne repeated. “A disillusioned figure just entered the castle!”</p>

      <p>Nothing.</p>

      <p>“Give it a moment,” Harry’s breathy voice came. “She might have entered stealth—“</p>

      <p>“No! I’m here!” said Ginny’s panting voice. “Sorry, I was in cheetah form. It’s Bones!”</p>

      <p>“Can you intercept?” Harry asked.</p>

      <p>“I’m almost at my last target,” Ginny replied. “I’ve got her on the map. I’ll finish this up, then grab her.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Black! Black! Black! Black!”</p>

      <p>In the arena, Cedric smiled softly and inclined his head to Alexandra.</p>

      <p>Alex inclined her head back.</p>

      <p>“—And the next match, Black vs. Diggory!”</p>

      <p>“Black! Black! Black! Black!”</p>

      <p>“Quiet Please!”</p>

      <p>“Black! Black! Black!”</p>

      <p>“Quiet! Quiet, I say!” cried an increasingly desperate Bagman. “This isn’t a quidditch match!”</p>

      <p>“Black! Black! Black!”</p>

      <p>“Duelling is an ancient and honorable tradition!”</p>

      <p>“Black! Black! Black!”</p>

      <p>“Thousands of years of practice and custom! The brutality of the war mage honed down to the art form of the gentleman wizard. A battle of wits and power! A meeting of wands! A dance! How many great conflicts of the Wizarding World came down to two powerful and mighty foes, facing off in a duel?! Will you make a farce out of such a noble sport?!”</p>

      <p>“Black! Black! Black! Black! Black! Black! Black! Black! Black! Black! Black!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, whatever.”</p>

      <p>“Black! Black! Black!”</p>

      <p>“Just hit it, Mister Bagpipes man.”</p>

      <p>“Black! Black!”</p>

      <p>“And there they go! Opening salvos! Duellers Hello vs. Goodbye. Diggory pushing hard, but Black making excellent use of her swatting to keep up. He’ll need to push harder than that if he wants to—oh! Elemental water! Diggory has advanced quite a bit since we last got a really good look at his abilities two years ago. But will it be enough? Pushing Black back. She’s looking tired. There it is! Black transforms and dives under the ground in her spectral form. She’s regaining her magic, but is there anything Diggory can do? Yes! Oh, my! Screeching charm straight into the ground! That’s gotta hurt. Yes! There’s Black! She’s airborne! Transforms back human! Can Diggory take advantage? No! Black uses her chains to dodge midair! But I don’t think she was able to stay underground as long she wanted! Another trading of spells! Diggory keeping up the pressure. Water’s getting pretty mudding now, but Diggory’s keeping it under control! Black on the defensive. Transforms and dives back underground! But we know that trick is going to cost her now. There’s the screeching charm. But Black had to know that was going to happen! Diggory keeping up the spell. Just how long can Black hang on for? There she is! Oooo! Not looking too good and she’s pissed! And quite understandably! Instantly back on the defensive! Black’s going to have to think of something quick if she wants to stand a chance here—what was that?! Spell backfire! Black hit by one of her own spells, but doesn’t look like it’s stopping her. Diggory advancing strongly now. Black looks like she’s on her last legs — goes Grim! Underground! She’s desperate now. Wait. No screeching charm?! Extraordinary! Diggory chooses to forgo his winning strategy in favour of pulling together a mud golem! Just what is our intrepid Hufflepuff thinking? And with every moment that passes, Black is recharging her magic! And while she’s recharging, Diggory is expending his magic at a prodigious rate. Will he have enough reserves left when our Slytherin Black finally reemerges from the depths below? That is a rather impressive mud golem though… There! Ladies and Gentlemen, Black is back! And immediately on the attack! …Are those her ears bleeding? Wait, that backfire—DID SHE CAST A DEAFENING CURSE ON HERSELF?! Diggory on the defensive! Low magic! But with a golem as backup! Black tries her chains, but they just sink through the mud! She’s stuck! And here comes Diggory! Black drops her chains! Swats the stunners! Diggory closing! Full spell barrage! Black can’t go grim! Diggory shielding! Face-to-face! Mud golem from behind! Black’s hand caught! Drops wand! Wandless spell swat!—!!!!!”</p>

      <p>The mad cheering of the crowd became a roar.</p>

      <p>“Lords and ladies! YES! WE ALL SAW THAT! Diggory is down! Wizards and witches! Our Hufflepuff went for a physical wrist grab, landed it, and with his size and strength, that should have been it! But Black turned the tables on him and threw him straight into his own mud golem, following that up with an easy wandless stuner! How any girl is that strong, I’ve no idea! Now, just a second! We’re still waiting on the decision from the judges as to whether that self-cast deafening curse was legal… Yes! I’m getting a nod! It’s allowable! Lords and Ladies, what a match! Diggory may have lost, but by Merlin, we saw some impressive dueling today! Not even I spotted that Black had cast a deafening curse on herself, thereby negating the effects of a screeching charm, but this young man did, and instantly adjusted his strategy! And damn near beat her! Wizards and witches, we’ve yet to see someone come up with a rock-solid strategy to counter heiress Black’s magical animagus transformation, but I think we’ve just seen by far the best attempt! My lords and ladies, I give you our victor! First-year Slytherin, Heiress Alexandra Black will be advancing to face the Hufflepuff sixth-year competitor! Slytherin 5 —&#160;Hufflepuff 0!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Bookworm, this is Snake Crown. That sounds like quite a lot of cheering.”</p>

      <p>“Alex just took Diggory! Since Tonks left last year, he had to be Hufflepuff’s best duelist!”</p>

      <p>Harry smiled. It looked like his necromancer was faring better than expected.</p>

      <p>“How about you, Snake Crown?” asked Daphne’s voice.</p>

      <p>“On schedule,” Harry replied. “We’ll be starting the final sweep soon.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“And there goes the sixth round! Victory Malfoy!” screamed Ludo’s tinny voice from an ornate wizarding wireless. “Gryffindor 6 - Ravenclaw 0!”</p>

      <p>In front of the magical radio, in a massive luxurious chair, a black snake sat coiled up, eyes glowing red.</p>

      <p>“Quite an impressive tournament, my lord,” said a young man standing next to a fire place.</p>

      <p>“Quite so, Barty” replied the snake, straight into his mind. “And very mysterious, as well. It makes me wonder…”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Victory Black!” screamed Ludo from the radio. Slytherin 6 —&#160;Hufflepuff 0! Is there anything that can stop these two monsters?!”</p>

      <p>In the kitchen of the Burrow, Mrs Weasley finished charming the lid shut on her latest batch of home-made rumbleberry jam.</p>

      <p>“She is doing well, isn’t she, Dorothy?” said Mrs Catamole from over the hill, sitting at the kitchen table.</p>

      <p>“I hope she isn’t pushing herself too hard,” replied Mrs Wood, who was visiting her sister from out of town. “But I suppose she is a Black. Right odd family, that one.”</p>

      <p>“I just can’t help wonder what’s going to happen against the Malfoy girl.”</p>

      <p>“Fancy a flutter?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, go on.”</p>

      <p>Mrs Weasley levitated the dozen glass jars onto the top shelf of the pantry.</p>

      <p>“Should have a better chance this time,” Mrs Catamole said. “I’ve always had a keener ear for dueling than quidditch.”</p>

      <p>Mrs Weasley turned to face the two. Her expression was singularly smug. “That’ll teach you to bet against my little girl, then, won’t it?” she said.</p>

      <p>“I thought you hated that Ginny was playing quidditch? You said such masculine persuits would ruin her chances to find a good husband when she was older.”</p>

      <p>Mrs Weasley had the good grace to at least look embarrassed. Arthur’s talks with Lord Slytherin about Harry Potter, the new heir of the Ancient and Noble House of Potter, were not public knowledge. “I just don’t like that she constantly puts herself in danger,” she said. “Of <em>course</em> I’m increadibly proud of her.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Virgo stood still over her downed opponent while all around her, the arena went wild. She was bleeding from the mouth and nose. Several large bruises were forming on her arms and one nasty one on her chest. Her dragon skin dueling robes had protected her from any slashes across her body, but that didn’t mean that the robes themselves didn’t need repair. She might have a soul age a few years younger than the seventh year now lying in the dirt— more like a fifth year—but in the end, her vast repitour of spells and magics, and her ability to create on the fly, had won the day. She was Virgo! She was neither Tom nor Julia. She was her own witch! She would prove herself greater. No matter what it took.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>From under the invisibility cloak, Ginny stared in frustration at the locked door to the Room of Lost Things. By the time she’d spotted exactly where Susan Bones was going on the Marauders Map, it had been too late to reach her.</p>

      <p>“What do we do?” she whispered into her ear mirror.</p>

      <p>“Keep the door staked out,” came Harry’s voice from the other side. “You have everyone else, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. But what if she doesn’t come out?”</p>

      <p>“We’ll cross that bridge when we come to it. Which may actually be soon.”</p>

      <p>The sounds of crowds cheering erupted in Ginny’s ear.</p>

      <p>“ALEX WON! —oops, sorry, I mean, Snake Crown, this is Bookworm, Alex won.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Alexandra Black wanted to be cool. She wanted to stare down at her defeated foe and quip out some witty one-liner. She wanted to turn her back with a swirl of robes and walk back to her team as though she hadn’t just joined the pantheon of the mythical first-year-full-seven sweep —&#160;current members four —&#160;two of whom were time travellers and the other being a seventy-year-old Dark Lord soul fragment.</p>

      <p>She didn’t.</p>

      <p>Instead, she collapsed to her hands and knees and vomited all over the grass. Then she coughed. Blood spattered everywhere. Warm liquid ran down the sides of her face.</p>

      <p>The commentator said something amid the faint buzz of the crowd, but she couldn’t make it out.</p>

      <p>She didn’t know it, but the repeated casting of the deafening curse on herself was taking its toll.</p>

      <p>Alex scrunched her fist in the grass. The pain didn’t matter to her. She had to be better than the pain. She had to get ready for the next fight. Next would be the Hufflepuffs vs the Ravenclaws. She had that long to recover. Harry had beaten John last year. She would <em>not</em> lose to Virgo. She had too much riding on it. She had to prove herself worthy —&#160;worthy to lead her own house —&#160;and worthy of the respect of Lord Slytherin. She would <em>not</em> lose.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>High up in the tree she’d chosen for herself, Daphne stared towards the arena, watching with razor sharp eyes, as Marigold Chesterfield square up against her Ravenclaw opponent.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Where’s Susan?!” shouted the Hufflepuff seventh year captain. “If she doesn’t get back here soon, she’s going to forfeit her matches!”</p>

      <p>“I hope she’s alright,” Cedric said. “Missing her duel would be highly out of character for her.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe Marrigold can hold on for long enough for her to get back,” said one of the other duelists.</p>

      <p>“What? You think Hufflepuff is lucky enough to have a first-year monster on our team, as well? Get real.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“And Miss Chesterfield wins the first round! Hufflepuff 1 — Ravenclaw 0!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Any moment now, Ginny thought to herself, crouched down in the hallway, just to the side of the tapestry of the dancing trolls. Her wand was trained on the locked door of the Room of Lost Things. Any moment now, Bones would emerge, panicked at being late for her match, and she, Ginny, would instantly stun her.</p>

      <p>Then she’d sprint outside, and dump her outside the castle along with the others.</p>

      <p>If she was quick enough she might even make her match.</p>

      <p>Just a little bit more.</p>

      <p>Come on.</p>

      <p>Just open the door.</p>

      <p>She was ready for her.</p>

      <p>Ginny bit her lip —&#160;shifted her stance —&#160;adjusted the invisibility cloak.</p>

      <p>Was something wrong?</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Why won’t the door open!?” Susan wailed, thumping helplessly on the locked door out of the Room of Requirement. “I need to get back!” she sobbed. “Why won’t you just open?!”</p>

      <p>She’d only meant to use the room briefly to calm her nerves, ready for her next match. But the moment she’d tried to leave, she’d found the only exit inexplicably locked to her. That had never happened before.</p>

      <p>No unlocking spell worked.</p>

      <p>Attacking the door didn’t work.</p>

      <p>The windows refused to smash.</p>

      <p>Nothing worked.</p>

      <p>The room was supposed to give them what they needed.</p>

      <p>She needed to leave!</p>

      <p>Susan sunk down with her back to the locked door.</p>

      <p>She needed to leave, but it was almost as though the room had decided she needed not to leave.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>As the dueling competition continued, all over the castle, painting after painting was stilling one after the other. Some met their stunning with dignity, others with surprise, and yet others with outrage. The paintings of the common rooms gave the most issues. The Fat Lady in particular, got as far as three paintings away before Harry hit her with a perfectly timed stunner.</p>

      <p>Not that it would have mattered. Painting magic was one of the most potent forms of necromancy, but once all the canvases in the castle were stunned, there would simply be no where else for any rogue paintings to go. They’d be trapped.</p>

      <p>And yes, not even Harry, with the memories of Voldemort, the gift of the Marauders, and his own explorations, would suggest he knew all the secrets of Hogwarts. But hopefully, their confrontation with the basilisk would stay in the chamber. If it did come to the surface, the chances of the basilisk coming across a hither-to-unknown part of the castle would be astronomically low. It was a known and mitigated risk.</p>

      <p>Harry dashed up another corridor and high-fived Luna coming the other way.</p>

      <p>“All done?!” Luna cried out as she ran off.</p>

      <p>“Just one more!” Harry called back as he began the climb up the North Tower.</p>

      <p>He reached the secret trap door that led to the divination class room.</p>

      <p>“GO AWAY!” screeched a female voice from above the floor boards —&#160;one that sounded like it was a few cards short of a tarot deck.</p>

      <p>Harry paused with his wand just about to cast a spell.</p>

      <p>“GO AWAY! the voice screamed again. “I’M NOT COMING OUT! I WANT NOTHING TO DO WITH ANY OF IT! YOU CAN’T FORCE ME!”</p>

      <p>He probably could, Harry mused. On the other hand, this was something he could deal with later.</p>

      <p>“Colloportus!” he shouted, locking the door with more power and force than someone like Professor Trelawney could possibly hope to match.</p>

      <p>That done, he turned on his heels and leaped back down the stairs five at time, each time landing as lightly as a feather.</p>

      <p>He met Luna at the Gargoyle that guarded the spiral staircase to the headmaster’s office. “How are the House Elves?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“Terrified,” Luna replied. “But they’re all present and accounted for. None of them will be leaving the kitchens.”</p>

      <p>“Then we just have to make sure the snake never gets that far.” Harry turned to the Gargoyle, flexed his mind over the wards, and watched it jump aside.</p>

      <p>They reached the top of the staircase and quickly stunned all the remaining paintings. Hogwarts was now probably emptier than it had been in a thousand years.</p>

      <p>“What about the hat?” Luna asked, dropping it on her head.</p>

      <p>“Hey!” croaked out the hat. “I don’t appreciate being on <em>your</em> head, Miss Lovegood.”</p>

      <p>“Spoil sport.”</p>

      <p>“Leave it,” Harry said. “It can’t speak secrets. Occlumency aside, it’s ability as an interrogation device was destroyed after Dimwiddy.”</p>

      <p>“Quite right,” said the hat. “Want to know why such a powerful magical artifact looks so burnt and raggedy? It’s not because of old age, I assure you! Good to see you’re not quite so paranoid now, though. Mellowing out a bit, aren’t you.”</p>

      <p>Harry ignored it.</p>

      <p>“Shadow, this is Snake Crown. Are you ready?”</p>

      <p>“She’s still in there!” came the exasperated voice of Ginny through the ear mirror.</p>

      <p>“Times run out,” Harry declared. “Withdraw, immediately.”</p>

      <p>“Snake Crown,” came Daphne’s voice. “If Bones gets hurt during the basilisk hunt, it could be disastrous for us.”</p>

      <p>Harry groaned, but he knew Daphne was right. “Shadow, don’t withdraw. Drop your current passengers out of a window and resume your watch at once.”</p>

      <p>There was silence for a moment.</p>

      <p>Then…</p>

      <p>“Done. The trunk shattered and they’ve all been ejected.”</p>

      <p>“Eagle Eyes?”</p>

      <p>“They’re all okay, Snake Crown.”</p>

      <p>“Excellent. Hold your position, Shadow. Get Bones out of there at the first opportunity. If you see either I or Luna approaching your position, or you hear even a hint of the basilisk, you are to evacuate immediately, understood?”</p>

      <p>“Sure.”</p>

      <p>“Good.” Harry took a deep breath. “This is final call from Snake Crown. Is everyone ready?”</p>

      <p>“Eagle Eyes, ready.”</p>

      <p>“Bookworm, ready.”</p>

      <p>“Shadow, ready.”</p>

      <p>“I’m ready, too, Harry,” Luna said.</p>

      <p>“Right.” Harry approached one of the many devices Dumbledore had kept in an alcove behind the headmaster’s chair —&#160;the one shaped like a an ornate bell in the shape of a massive wild boar.</p>

      <p>He slammed his hand down on it. “Castle lockdown!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;"><a id="lockdown"></a>#</p>

      <p>All across throughout and within Hogwarts castle, a wave of magic pulsed outwards as the Hogwarts wards went into full lockdown mode&#160;— designed to protect the fortress from any magical attack, allowing not one soul in or out. No one with even an ounce of magical talent could have failed to notice it. And they didn’t.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Susan watched in dread as the windows of the Room of Requirement shuttered themselves one after another. Seconds later, the mirror in pocket of her robes began to vibrate.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“—What was that?!” Bagman voice bellowed across the crowd. “Was that the war wards?!</p>

      <p>Err—! Yes, and It seems Miss Marigold was also distracted by that surge of magical power, tripped, and her opponent took advantage of her stumble to tag her with a stunner. Hufflepuff 3 —&#160;Ravenclaw —&#160;1, now what the hells is going on?!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>The general babble of a confused and worried crowd wafted around the arena to where James and Lucius were sitting towards the top of the bleachers.</p>

      <p>The two lords looked at each other.</p>

      <p>“—I know nothing about—” “—it wasn’t me, I assure—“.</p>

      <p>They stopped. They both looked to where Headmaster Lockhart was looking incredibly flustered further down their row.</p>

      <p>“Slytherin?” James asked with a scowl.</p>

      <p>“It seems likely,” Lucius drawled.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>The moment he’d felt the war wards slam into place, Lord Sirus Black was off. He was making a beeline directly for the one person who he knew could provide answers. Gone was the father watching his daughter destroy the dueling arena. Back was the Chief Auror —&#160;the man charged with leading some of the world’s most competent fighters into combat against the most dangerous scum of the Wizarding World.</p>

      <p>Back where he’d been sitting, two wizards stared after him.</p>

      <p>“Our new friend ran off quickly,” said Lord Lovegood. “It’s too bad. If he’d stayed we might have clued him into what was going on.”</p>

      <p>“<em>Is </em>Lord Black our new friend?” asked Lord Greengrass. “I know Harry plans to eventually win Alex’s hand, like he did both our daughters. But he still has a ways to go before that’s going to happen. Lord Black is not known to be a compromising individual.”</p>

      <p>“Every wizard has their thumbscrew,” Xeno replied. “And Harry is better positioned than anyone else to turn his.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>Dumbledore made his way through the confused crowd with great difficulty. Every time he jostled someone, they’d inevitably look, see who it was, and then he’d be caught in the same conversation that, no, he didn’t know what was going on, yes, he was sure it would all be fine, and yes, he was going to get to the bottom of it. He may not be the Headmaster, but he was one of the most powerful wizards in the world, both magically and politically.</p>

      <p>And if the wizard he thought was behind this, <em>was</em> behind it, and for the reason he suspected… well, it was an opportunity he couldn’t pass up.</p>

      <p>Slytherin first.</p>

      <p>He’d confront <em>‘Virgo’</em> later.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>In the Gryffindor dueling team pit, the confusion was no less palpable.</p>

      <p>One member though, was not confused.</p>

      <p>Virgo, instead, felt anxious and frustrated.</p>

      <p>The moment she felt the wards clamp into place, a dozen possible scenarios quickly ran through her brain. Of those, she’d narrowed down the likely candidates to only a few.</p>

      <p>Of those few, the most likely was the one she liked the least.</p>

      <p>Harry Potter, AKA Lord Slytherin, was making his move. And he’d chosen exactly the time when she, Virgo, would be least able to react. She was sitting here, in full view of several thousand people. And soon, she’d be expected to fight against Alexandra Black —&#160;the enigma who’s performance in the arena made her doubt what she knew about everything that was going on.</p>

      <p>At this point, she couldn’t count out the possibility that the Black heiress was also a time traveller. She definitely wasn’t a soul fragment.</p>

      <p>That would throw so many assumptions out the window.</p>

      <p>Virgo stared up across the arena where a large number of adults were converging on a very flustered-looking Lockhart.</p>

      <p>At least she wasn’t the only one having a bad time.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“What is the meaning of the headmaster?!”</p>

      <p>“Headmaster, how have the war wards been activated?”</p>

      <p>“Gilderoy Lockhart! What is going on?!”</p>

      <p>Lockhart was sweating. “Now listen here, he told the rapidly forming crowd. This is an internal Hogwarts matter and I assure you, there is no need for alarm. THere’s just a small matter that needs to be—”</p>

      <p>“Headmaster!” shouted a new voice that everyone recognized.</p>

      <p>“Oh, hells,” Lockhart muttered under his breath. He turned and plastered on his best dazzling smile. “Minister Fudge! I do hope you’re enjoying the event.”</p>

      <p>“What?” Fudge looked momentarily thrown off balance. “Oh, yes. Yes, I am. But that’s not—“</p>

      <p>“Excellent!” Lockhart continued, beaming. “And no doubt you’d like a full update on our little project?”</p>

      <p>“What—? Update? What pro—”</p>

      <p>“After all, the ministry is a full partner in the affairs of Hogwarts! You must be kept up to date. Can I suggest we go down to my private office here in the arena? It is a little public here, if you know what I mean.” He winked. ”No doubt these people don’t want to hear about the boring affairs of administration.”</p>

      <p>The looks of the people around them said that they very much wanted to hear about the boring affairs of administration, but he pointedly ignored them.</p>

      <p>“Well, yes, but—“ started Fudge, but once against Lockhart cut him off.</p>

      <p>“—And of course, we simply must share a glass from my private collection of Peruvian snake’s bite that I keep here. I know you enjoyed it the last time you tried. Why, I remember at the Malfoy’s Christmas Party—“</p>

      <p>“Okay! Okay!” This time it was Fudge who cut <em>him</em> off. “Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>Lockhart quickly led the minister to one of the entrances that led into the arena interior, noticing that they were picking up a small entourage as they went. Lockhart carefully locked down his oclumency barriers. He knew he was a fast talker, but this was going to require bullshitting at Nimbus 2001 speed.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, he supposed he should have expected something like this.</p>

      <p>Dangerous people always kept their cards close to their chests.</p>

      <p>But still…</p>

      <p>Would it have been too much to ask the Gray Lord to warn him before kicking over the ant hill?</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Susan?! Susan, can you hear me?!”</p>

      <p>It was her Aunt’s voice coming through the emergency magic mirror Susan always kept on her.</p>

      <p>Susan held up the mirror and tapped on the face.</p>

      <p>The visage of the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement flashed into being.</p>

      <p>“I’m here,” Susan replied, heart beating rapidly.</p>

      <p>“Oh, thank, Merlin.” Then, in less than an instant, Amelia Bones went from frazzled to business. “Susan, What’s going on? Hogwarts’ war wards activated, but we can’t get through to the Headmasters office. No one’s answering the floo. Is there any obvious threat?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t know,” Susan replied, trying not to sound like she’d been panicking. “I got trapped inside when the wards activated. Everyone else is down in the arena.”</p>

      <p>“What about the headmaster?”</p>

      <p>“He was in the arena when I left.”</p>

      <p>A string of impressive expletives sounded through the mirror.</p>

      <p>Susan blushed.</p>

      <p>“And I suppose Black is out there as well, yes?”</p>

      <p>“I think so.”</p>

      <p>“Right. Can you make your way to the Headmaster’s office?”</p>

      <p>Susan winced. “I’m trapped in here, too. The room won’t let me out.”</p>

      <p>Amelia Bones cursed again. “There goes that plan. Okay. Fine. Just stay put, Susan, okay? I’m sending a team to Hogsmede. The floo there is much closer than the ministry. If anything changes, let me know. I just wish Dumbledore was still there.”</p>

      <p>“Dumbledore <em>is</em> here.”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>“He was watching my matches in the arena.”</p>

      <p>Amelia Bones was silent for a moment before she spoke again, more to herself than to Susan. “Then his phoenix mustn’t be able to get through the war wards. Otherwise, he’d have opened the way for us.”</p>

      <p>Amelia looked back up at Susan through the mirror. “Stay safe, Susan, okay? And if anything odd happens, tell me immediately.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, Auntie.”</p>

      <p>The mirror flicked off.</p>

      <p>Susan leaned back against the locked door and slowly slid back down to the floor.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t as though she was going to see anything odd happening while in here.</p>

      <p>The clearing of a throat from a corner of the room almost made her swallow her own tongue.</p>

      <p>“It looks like we’re in a complicated situation, doesn’t it, Susan?”</p>

      <p>Susan stared in shock. It was a voice she well recognized. She’d heard it often enough while serving on the student judiciary. It was Violet Chesterfield — twin sister of Marigold, the Muggleborn Hufflepuff duelist one year below her —&#160;stepping out of the shadows like a wraith.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>How was <em>she</em> <em>here</em>?</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’m getting the nod from the judge!” bellowed the voice of Ludo Bagman. “We can’t wait any longer! Heiress Susan Bones is disqualified!”</p>

      <p>“BOOOOOO!!!”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“Dragon Trap on the stairs!”</p>

      <p>“Dragon Trap, deployed.”</p>

      <p>“Guillotine by the great hall!”</p>

      <p>“Guillotine, up.”</p>

      <p>“Instant Swamp in this hallway, here!”</p>

      <p>“Instant Swamp, down.”</p>

      <p>Across the length and breath of Hogwarts castle, Harry and Luna moved with speed and purpose. At every corner another pitfall. At every doorway, another ambush. Any spot where with room for any kind of extra gambit, plot, or ploy, another magical machination was purposefully placed. The sounds of dueling matches outside occasionally filtered through the warded walls, through a window, or over a parapet, but for the most part, the empty castle echoed with each rapid slap of leather shoes on flagstone, and every raised call out.</p>

      <p>“Luna, how many devices have we got left?”</p>

      <p>Luna shoved her eye right up against the opening of the tiny trunk in her hands. “Two dozen-ish?”</p>

      <p>Harry nodded. “Then lets start making our way to the girl’s bathroom on the second floor.”</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">#</p>

      <p>“And Hufflepuff win! Cedric Diggory takes the match against the fourth year Ravenclaw! Ravenclaw 4 — Hufflepuff 4!”</p>

      <p>Down in the backrooms of the arena, Lockhart’s beaming smile was being sorely tested. “I assure you, Minister, I’m sure there’s no problem. Lord Slytherin assures me he has informed the ministry.”</p>

      <p>“And I’m saying I’ve heard no such thing! Doloras?”</p>

      <p>“I recall no parchment work to that effect passing my desk, Minister. What about you, Chief Auror?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing,” Lord Black grunted. “Maybe your new friend there can help, James?”</p>

      <p>“He is not my friend!”</p>

      <p>“Am I not?” drawled Lord Malfoy. “You wound me. And I’ve no idea why you think I’d know what Lord Slytherin was up to.”</p>

      <p>“You knew about our sweeps on Knockturn before we launched them. I thought you knew everything that went on in the ministry.”</p>

      <p>“All the more reason to believe that Slytherin is lying.”</p>

      <p>“Hah!” Sirius pointed. “So you admit it!”</p>

      <p>Albus Dumbledore continued to watch the rapidly deteriorating discussion from the side lines, wondering when he should step in.</p>

      <p>“Do you want to go at it, Deatheater!?”</p>

      <p>Ah, that sounded like just about the right time. “Gentlemen!” he raised his hands in a calming fashion, right as Lord Malfoy’s hand started twitching towards his wand. “Please, let’s not come to blows about this. Might I suggest we review what we know?”</p>

      <p>The assembled wizards and witch stared expectantly at him.</p>

      <p>“Lord Slytherin said he has business within the chamber. If we take him at his word, he is ‘dealing’ with the monster within.”</p>

      <p>“A somewhat unlikely story,” interrupted Lord Malfoy in his drawling voice. “How do we know he isn’t preparing the monster for the next phase of his plan?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” said Lord Potter. “None of the Gray students have been attacked. That muggleborn vassal of Slytherin’s was found right next to John when he was petrified!”</p>

      <p>Dumbledore raised his hands again. “Lord Slytherin assured me last year that he did not know about the monster in the chamber. Or even where the chamber was. He did say he would look into it though…”</p>

      <p>“And he still hasn’t dropped the anti-demon wards on the castle!” added Minister Fudge. “What if he’s using the monster to seize control and turn Hogwarts into a fortress!?”</p>

      <p>“I do not believe that Lord Slytherin is directly behind the attacks, or that he controls the monster.”</p>

      <p>“Then who?” demanded Fudge.</p>

      <p>Dumbledore took a second to collect himself. In reality, there were two possible candidates for who could be behind the attacks. The appearance of Virgo Malfoy was far too suspicious to be mere coincidence, and he remembered his old students well enough to pick up the kinds of spells and tactics they might employ.</p>

      <p>On the other hand…</p>

      <p>“Let’s think about it,” he said. “Who might have a motive for revenge on the castle? Who is it who has been banished from this home of learning, but still haunts its halls like a ghost? Who has been taken under Slytherin’s wing, granted Slytherin’s protection, even taken into Slytherin’s confidence? Enough, perhaps to betray Slytherin’s trust?”</p>

      <p>James looked ill.</p>

      <p>“Dumbledore,” Sirius said in a warning tone of voice.</p>

      <p>Dumbledore put his hands up placatingly. “I’m only putting forward a possible suspect.”</p>

      <p>Fudge frowned. “Are you taking about John Potter’s brother?”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>The arena roared. Hufflepuff had been declared victorious against Ravenclaw, with Cedric Diggory earning MVP for taking on not one, but three of the enemy team, one after another. He fell to the seventh-year Claw, but his two upperclassmen were able to finish the job, firmly putting Hufflepuff into third place in the over-all rankings. Compared to the fourth place they’d experienced for the last three years, this was a serious step up.</p>

      <p>In the Gryffindor dug out, Virgo Malfoy clenched her fists together in frustration.</p>

      <p>She needed to get this over with as quickly as possible so she could find out what was happening up at the castle. The lockdown had been in place now for quite some time. Who knew what Potter was up to up there.</p>

      <p>He’d fideliused most of the chamber entrances, so he clearly knew where they were, but, critically, she could still remember where the entrance was in the Quidditch stadium —&#160;the one in the Ravenclaw girl’s changing room.</p>

      <p>No doubt warded to Atlantis and back, but she was a lot stronger than she’d been at the start of the year.</p>

      <p>With time, she’d be able to break it. But time was something that right now she absolutely did not have.</p>

      <p>She felt a hand on her shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Ready for this, Miss Minister?” The captain of the Gryffindor team gave her a serious look. “It looks like wether we win or lose could be decided by this match alone. No pressure.”</p>

      <p>Virgo brushed his hand away. “This is nothing. I do not lose.”</p>

      <p>“Glad to hear it.”</p>

      <p>“And now!” bellowed the announcer. “We will begin the first match for Griffindor vs. Slytherin. Lords and ladies, wizards and witches, I give you, Heiress Alexandra Patricia Black of the Ancient and Noble House of Black, vs. Hogwarts’ first student minister, Miss Virgo Druella Malfoy of the Noble House of Malfoy!!!”</p>

      <p>The crowd gave quite possibly their loudest roar of approval of the day thus far.</p>

      <p>Virgo stood and made her way out into the arena.</p>

      <p>On the opposite side, Alexandra Black did the same.</p>

      <p>Virgo’s jaw set. She was the greatest witch the world would ever see. Yes, Black had her animagus trick, but she knew she could counter everything the girl threw at her through sheer spell creativity and skill. Black may be good, but she, Virgo, was better.</p>

      <p>It was just a shame that using her own animagus form wasn’t a great option. Her lamia form would completely negate her opponent’ magic recharging advantage and make her victory a fait accompli. But it would also expose her as a possible candidate for opening the chamber. Not great. Plus she hadn’t registered. Not an impossible situation to work around, but it would be annoying none the less. No, far better just to grind this girl into the dirt with the purity of magical creativity and purposeful expression.</p>

      <p>Like music.</p>

      <p>Virgo gripped her wand in white knuckles.</p>

      <p>But it also had be done quickly. The more time she wasted here, the more events up at the castle would run out of control. And that was something she absolutely would not tolerate.</p>

      <p>#<a id="nanowrimo-5"></a></p>

      <p>Harry stared around Moaning Myrtle’s Bathroom, devoid, for once, of Moaning Myrtle.</p>

      <p>“Ready?” Harry asked. His voice echoed off the tiles.</p>

      <p>“Ready, Harry.” Luna answered.</p>

      <p>Harry nodded. His face turned grim. “Remember, Luna, I know you can handle yourself or I wouldn’t have brought you along. But remember that you are not immortal. If the situation becomes too much, retreat. I did not come back in time just to see someone I’ve… grown to respect… be <em>taken</em> from me.”</p>

      <p>Luna smiled.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>They stared at each other.</p>

      <p>Feeling oddly embarrassed, Harry turned to the last sink with the tiny snake carved on the underside.</p>

      <p>$Open$</p>

      <p>The stone sink fell away to reveal one of the openings to the chamber of secrets.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go,” Harry said, crouching down.</p>

      <p>Luna nodded and climbed onto Harry’s back.</p>

      <p>Harry’s feet raised a few inches off the ground.</p>

      <p>And together, the two began the descent down into the depths below Hogwarts castle.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Far away in the Burrow, Mrs Weasley gazed at the Wizarding Wireless as though willing it to tell her more.</p>

      <p>*Wibble Wobble Wibble Wobble* We’re very sorry for the break in connection from the duelling tournament at Hogwarts Castle. We’re still trying to establish connection and will let you know if we have any updates. Rumors of the castle going into lockdown have yet to be substantiated. In the meantime, please enjoy this repeat of season six finale of the Diagon Woes.* Wibble Wobble Wibble Wobble.*</p>

      <p>Mrs Weasley slammed her hand on the Wizarding Wireless, shutting it off before it could fill the kitchen with meaningless theater drama.</p>

      <p>Her guests had excused themselves when the trouble started, leaving her alone to fret about what might be happening.</p>

      <p>On the wall over the door, the family clock creaked.</p>

      <p>Ice ran down Mrs Weasley’s spine as the spoon labeled Ginny Weasley ground around from ‘School’ to ‘Mortal Peril,’ and her voice, when it emerged was a mere whisper.</p>

      <p>“Not again.”</p>

      <p>#<a id="nanowrimo-6"></a></p>

      <p>In the background, the crowd cheered and clapped, but Alexandra Black barely heard it. Her focus was entirely on the witch before her.</p>

      <p>Virgo Malfoy.</p>

      <p>The Dark Lord’s Soul Anchor.</p>

      <p>There were many reasons why she could not lose this match. She had to impress Lord Slytherin. She needed to show her father what she could do —&#160;what it really meant to be a Black. But above all else, she had to stall Virgo. Stall, and maybe provoke. Lord Slytherin knew that Virgo would not take the lock down quietly. That she might try to interfere with their plans in Hogwarts Castle. He doubted she could, but Slytherin was not one to take chances. Not when he could put someone he trusted on the case. That was her —&#160;Alex — the witch that Lord Slytherin trusted to stall the soul anchor of the Dark Lord Voldemort —&#160;Virgo Malfoy.</p>

      <p>Alexandra breathed out.</p>

      <p>She flashed Virgo her best smirk. “Bet you didn’t think we’d be here when we first met on the Hogwarts Express. Your brother was so cocksure of himself back then. But he eventually saw sense.” She extended a dragon-hide leather shoe from behind her dueling robes.” If I win, will you also kneel down to kiss my boots?”</p>

      <p>Virgo snarled. “You… are a spoiled little rich girl.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>Everything you have, you were given. Magic, titles, money, connections. Spoiled little rich girl.”</p>

      <p>Alex smile slipped. “And you aren’t?”</p>

      <p>“No. Everything I have, I have taken.”</p>

      <p>“Quiet please!” called the announcer.</p>

      <p>The crowd slowly quietened, until the only sound that could be heard was gentle whistle of the wind through the arena.</p>

      <p>The signal was given.</p>

      <p>And the bagpipes sounded.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Sirius dashed out of the exit and into the bleachers just as the bag pipe sounded, and just in time to see the Malfoy girl punch her wand to the ground, firing off what looked like an overpowered mining charm, and engulfing herself in a cloud of rocks and dust.</p>

      <p>A split second later, several of the larger shards fired out of the cloud and straight at his daughter.</p>

      <p>Sirius sucked in his breath as Alex dodged the first be a hair’s width, shielded the second, and only saved herself from the third by flinging herself across the arena with her chains.</p>

      <p>Alex fired stunners back into the dust cloud, showing a fierceness of casting that Sirius never knew she possessed, but they all either missed or were intercepted by more rocks.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>The space around Virgo was a maelstrom, and it wasn’t about to get any easier. A flame ignited.</p>

      <p>The entire crowd gasped.</p>

      <p>A ring of fire pulsed out from dust cloud, scorching the ground, and splashing against the wards of the arena walls.</p>

      <p>Alex only avoided it by with a perfectly time dive over the ring.</p>

      <p>“Firestorm!” Bagman shouted, but Sirius barely heard the ongoing commentary.</p>

      <p>The dust-cloud evaporated, leaving Virgo standing, untouched, in the middle of a raging inferno.</p>

      <p>Alex seemed to hesitate for only a moment. Then she was moving, sprinting a full speed right at her opponent.</p>

      <p>Sirius’s knuckles went white.</p>

      <p>Bagman’s voice reached his brain again. “She’s Insane!”</p>

      <p>Alex flung her chains at her opponent, along with a barrage of higher-level spells, but the moment the Black family magic reached the flames, molten hands snapped out to grab them.</p>

      <p>“Fire elementals!”</p>

      <p>The spells passed by the guardians, but barely put a dent in Malfoy’s defenses. Her shields were small, concentrated, skillfully placed, expertly summoned, and chosen to match the exact spell that smashed into them.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the fire elementals yanked on the chains, pulling Alex into them, forcing her to break her connection, leaving her open, all while having to swat away spells Virgo<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>started firing her way.</p>

      <p>A flaming fist swung in a wide arc.</p>

      <p>Sirius flinched. His eyes shut.</p>

      <p>“She goes Grim! And she’s away!”</p>

      <p>His eyes snapped back open. Alex had shifted and dived under the floor. Sirius breathed out.</p>

      <p>Virgo immediately shot a sonic spell into the ground, but nothing resulted. Alex did not reemerge. She’d already cast the deafening curse on herself.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the noise of the arena came back to Sirius. The roaring, the cheering, the Ohhhhs, the Ahhhs.</p>

      <p>“—And I don’t think we’ve ever seen elemental fire magic quite that advanced before, my lords and ladies! Or that dangerous!” Bagman bellowed. “I mean, technically it’s allowed? Yes, I’m getting the nod from the judge.”</p>

      <p>Sirius scowled, but standing where he was, there wasn’t much he could do. Besides, Alex seemed to be handling it well. Insanely well, actually. Unbelievably well. In fact, if she wasn’t his daughter, he’d almost certainly be trying to recruit her.</p>

      <p>And that was a sobering thought.</p>

      <p>Down on the scorched sands, the seconds dragged on. Eventually, the seconds turned into minutes, far longer than with any other match.</p>

      <p>Malfoy started to get visibly impatient.</p>

      <p>She stamped her foot on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Come out and fight, you coward!”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“Come out and fight, you coward!”</p>

      <p>Virgo stamped her foot on the ground in frustration. No. She shook her head. She couldn’t allow herself to get worked up, no matter how INFURIATINGLY frustrating it was!</p>

      <p>The crowd was beginning to mutter. What before had been the silence of anticipation was becoming the grumbling of impatience.</p>

      <p>“Not to worry, everyone,” Bagman’s voice boomed. “I’m sure the Black Heiress will be with us again soon enough!”</p>

      <p>Virgo turned to where Bagman was announcing from. “Isn’t there a rule about this?” she called out.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>“Can’t say I’ve memorized the rule book back to front” came the amplified reply. “This isn’t quidditch.”</p>

      <p>She turned to the judge, standing on the side of the arena. “Isn’t there?”</p>

      <p>The judge shrugged. Then nodded.</p>

      <p>“There is?” Bagman boomed. “Well what is it? Spit it out, man!”</p>

      <p>The judge just shook his head. Then he made a tapping motion to his wrist as though to an imaginary wrist watch. Then he held his hands up with all ten fingers spread.</p>

      <p>“Ten minutes?!” Virgo shouted.</p>

      <p>Suddenly the ground began to vibrate beneath her.</p>

      <p>Virgo’s eyes widened.</p>

      <p>Only a few feet away, her opponenet rocketed out from the ground, wand out stretched and snapping towards her the moment their gazes locked.</p>

      <p>“Ten seconds, I think!” Bagman bellowed.</p>

      <p>FAST! Virgo started shielding all the spells sent her way while weaving an enchantment that would have the best chance of ending this right now. She had to be fast. She had to find a way to lock this bitch down!</p>

      <p>Black reached her zennith and sent a chain snapping out to pull her onto her flank.</p>

      <p>Virgo finished her series of complex wand movements, thrust her wand forward and shouted, “Papiliosortia!”</p>

      <p>What looked like a hundred butterflies materialized from thin air and immediately soared to bare down on Black’s location.</p>

      <p>Virgo followed at a sprint.</p>

      <p>She’d never sprinted in a duel before, but she was sprinting now.</p>

      <p>“Merlin! Those are Australian Razer Wings!” Bagman bellowed. “Black had better watch out.”</p>

      <p>Virgo poured all her remaining magic into the best spell chains she knew, not because she expected them to land — only a fool expected someone capable of spell swatting to successfully land regular spells —&#160;but simply to keep the pressure on.</p>

      <p>At it was working, Black was being pushed back and the moment those insects landed even a single scratch, Black would be out.</p>

      <p>Their eyes locked. And Black smiled.</p>

      <p>What happened next almost made Vigo swallow her tongue.</p>

      <p>One of Black’s chains changed. What before had been the mere magical representation of dark iron links became, in a flash of darkness, a single thin line of black magic —&#160;one that looked very familiar —&#160;familiar because she, Virgo, had long wanted to learn how to cast a flame whip.</p>

      <p>“FUCK!” Bagman exclaimed as the former chain lunged right back at its creator, almost like it was alive, wrapping itself around Black like a spring. In less than a second half of Virgo’s summoned insects had shredded themselves trying to fly through the cage around Black.</p>

      <p>In another second, the rest followed suit.</p>

      <p>The whip of darkness winked out of existence.</p>

      <p>Virgo skidded to a halt and raised her wand to cast a follow up.</p>

      <p>Black held up a hand. “Malfoy, wait!”</p>

      <p>Virgo stopped, but didn’t lower her wand. “What?!”</p>

      <p>Black paused for a second. She looked considering. “That was pretty impressive,” she finally said. “I didn’t think I’d have to use the any other family magic apart from the chains.”</p>

      <p>“Yes?” she spat.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. And I’ve just got one thing to say to you.”</p>

      <p>“Which is?” Virgo ground out.</p>

      <p>Black looked to the side where the judge was watching on. Then she looked back. She tapped an imaginary watch on her wrist. “See you in three minutes!”</p>

      <p>Then, before Virgo could do anything to stop her, Black shifted, went incorporeal and dived below ground.</p>

      <p>Virgo screamed.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>The underground was quiet and dark. Naturally it would be quiet, Alex couldn’t damn well hear anything. She really wished Hermione had come up with a better counter before the fight with Virgo. Unfortunately, all the massive nerd had to time to do was patch her up a bit and teach her the counter curse to the one she’d hastily fired into her face.</p>

      <p>But, even if should could hear, she wouldn’t be able to hear much. Sounds were muffled, like being underwater, mostly the moving about of dozens of feet.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>And also like being underwater, Alex floated, ethereal and untouchable.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>In her mind, she silently kept count of the time before she had to pop up again. This time, she’d come up a bit earlier than expected —&#160;maybe thirty seconds earlier. Never do what you opponent expected you to do.</p>

      <p>Maybe if she was lucky, Virgo wouldn’t have started forming elementals to jump her the moment she returned. It’s what she’d have done in Virgo’s position.</p>

      <p>There was also other possibilities.</p>

      <p>Virgo might turn the entire arena into an ice sheet.</p>

      <p>She could bog the sand or conjure a windstorm so strong that she’d have to use her chains just to avoid being blown away.</p>

      <p>It never payed to underestimate even a fragment of the Dark Lord’s soul. It was time to unleash a surprise of her own. The Black Whip was good, but what she really needed was something to keep Virgo occupied when she was down here.</p>

      <p>Something to force the soul fragment to keep using her powers while she, Alex, regenerated hers.</p>

      <p>In the small part of her occulmency kept reserved for the task, a metronome ticked over 140 beats.</p>

      <p>Alex shook her ghost-like hair like the grim she was. Time to go!</p>

      <p>She let her magic flow through her. She pushed and pushed until the pressure in her etherial paws was like a dam that wanted to break lose. Slowly, an enchantment began to form.</p>

      <p>She went deep in the ground. Deeper than before. She’d need maximum velocity for this.</p>

      <p>Then, when she was satisfied she was as deep as she could go and keep control, she shifted.</p>

      <p>It always felt like somewhat like a combination of apparition and traveling through a portkey. There was the sudden squeezing of the former, but then the whoosh and speed of the later.</p>

      <p>Alex rocketed upward, g-forces pushing, sediments squashing.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>The moment sunlight hit her retinas, her wand was out. By the time she was level with the crowd, she’d cast the counter curse on herself. As she continued to rise up, the boom of the crowd hit her far harder than the pressure of being underground.</p>

      <p>She reached the zenith of her arc, summoned a chain from her wand hand and swatted away the first few expected spells with the other.</p>

      <p>Alex’s gaze followed the path the spells had arrived from and grinned.</p>

      <p>Virgo looked pissed.</p>

      <p>As Alex fell back to the ground, she flung her chain out to break her fall. Then her gaze saw what was barring down on where she’d end up landing, faster than any summoned creature she’d ever seen.</p>

      <p>Apparently, virgo’s next play was, ‘summon absolutely massive fire elemental, more like a giant than anything else, and squash her into pulp before the rules said she could withdraw again.’</p>

      <p>Fair play.</p>

      <p>And absolutely perfect for her.</p>

      <p>Alex swung onto the ground, landed like a badass, right in front of the nine feet tall fire elemental, and immediately shielded, just before a fist like a flaming meteor crashed into it.</p>

      <p>A dong like a temple bell rung out and Alex momentarily wished she hadn’t cast the counter curse to the deafening curse.</p>

      <p>The second fist came down, but this time, Alex let the force of the blow knock her backwards.</p>

      <p>She skidded and rolled.</p>

      <p>On one side, she spotted Virgo sprinting around the side of the arena, clearly trying to flank her while keeping her occupied with a constant flurry of spells.</p>

      <p>Alex gritted her teeth.</p>

      <p>The giant fire elemental went for another overhead strike, but this time she didn’t shield. Instead, she jumped forward.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>She vaguely heard the gasps of the crowd and the announcer shouting something as she rolled between the fire elemental’s giant legs.</p>

      <p>Then she was up again and bringing her wand to bare. The enchantment she’d been working on, ever since just before she surfaced—straining and fighting against the tips of her fingers, finally found their release.</p>

      <p>Black light exploded from the tip of her wand. Her chain writhed like a snake, and snapped up like one, then struck.</p>

      <p>In an instant, it was coiled around the elemental’s fists, holding them fast. Then its legs. The it’s chest. With each new restriction, the elemental grew more enraged, until finally, the chains stopped constricting, and instead merely sank inside.</p>

      <p>The finery red eyes of the elemental darkened.</p>

      <p>Alex fell to one knee, panting.</p>

      <p>That spell had taken basically everything she had.</p>

      <p>If it hadn’t worked, she was now going to be pancake.</p>

      <p>But as she knelt there on the ground, no fist smashed her to the side and no heat scorched her skin.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>She looked up.</p>

      <p>The fire elemental had changed.</p>

      <p>The flames licking along its form were now tinged with darkness.</p>

      <p>It looked expectedly at her.</p>

      <p>Alex looked beyond the new darkened fire elemental, just in time to see an absolutely enraged Virgo baring down on them both.</p>

      <p>Witty banter clearly wasn’t going to work to stall this time.</p>

      <p>“Go!” she commanded.</p>

      <p>And just like that, the tables turned. Again.</p>

      <p>Now facing both Alex and her own giant summoned elemental, Virgo was on the defensive for the first time in the fight. The witch was running out of steam.</p>

      <p>It might even be a good time to push for ultimate victory, if she wasn’t under orders to draw this out as long as she could. Alex mentally shook her head.</p>

      <p>Now that she’d shown her hand with the possessing chains, summoned elementals were another avenue closed off to Virgo.</p>

      <p>After this, it would be all about attrition. She wouldn’t even need to go underground any more. She could just go grim when she was low and whittle her down slowly.</p>

      <p>Spell swatting gave her the advantage against flung spells.</p>

      <p>Ethereal Grim gave her the upper hand against physical attacks.</p>

      <p>It was the perfect combination.</p>

      <p>Virgo had already lost.</p>

      <p>Alex’s internal metronome ticked over the time to when she could retreat again.</p>

      <p>She did so —&#160;leaving the still standing giant dark elemental and an absolutely apoplectic Virgo.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Virgo fell to one knee, snarled at the ground below her feet, and punched it.</p>

      <p>This was unacceptable!</p>

      <p>She knew what the bitch was up to. Now that she’d demonstrated what those black chains of hers could do, she’d eliminated the possibility of her using large summons. Small summons had already proven countered by that whip made of darkness. Casted spells could be swatted and physical attacks could be be rendered ineffective by the ghost form of her animagus transformation.</p>

      <p>That didn’t leave many options that were useable in a duel like this.</p>

      <p>And now she knew she couldn’t simply over power her opponent, either.</p>

      <p>And every moment she delayed…</p>

      <p>Virgo cursed loudly.</p>

      <p>She had to win this match. Then, she had to win the tournament. Losing wasn’t an option. She was sure the other Slytherins would be a cake walk compared to —&#160;whatever the hells this girl was.</p>

      <p>“Ladies and Gentlemen! It looks like Miss Malfoy is in bind! Can she find a way to over come the unstoppable Black?!”</p>

      <p>Virgo’s head snapped up.</p>

      <p>No!</p>

      <p>She pushed herself to her feet.</p>

      <p>She could not allow herself to lose. And she certainly couldn’t appear weak! Not to these people. Not to ANYONE!</p>

      <p>But what to do?</p>

      <p>The only way she was sure she could pull out a win now was to use her own animagus form. With that, she could hold her own against Black on the surface for as long as she needed. Black might have an etherial form, but she could still use her wand in animagus form. That, combined with the much greater magical resistance inherent in her form, would give her all the edge she needed.</p>

      <p>But the cost of showing her form…</p>

      <p>Virgo shook her head again.</p>

      <p>She’d have to pay it.</p>

      <p>She had no choice.</p>

      <p>She could not lose!</p>

      <p>She could not appear weak!</p>

      <p>She was Virgo!</p>

      <p>She would NOT be beaten by some arrogant slobbering sorry excuse for a demon dog bitch!</p>

      <p>She was the greatest witch the world had ever seen!</p>

      <p>And she did <em>not</em> LOSE!</p>

      <p>Virgo froze.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>A wind blew through the arena.</p>

      <p>“But we’ve seen a lot of impressive magic so far, my lords and ladies! Maybe our Miss Malfoy will surprise us again!”</p>

      <p>Wait…</p>

      <p>Fury still coursed through her, but a sudden thought tempered her rage.</p>

      <p>Her mind raced. Everything that she knew about magic —&#160;about her situation. Pieces were joined —&#160;possibilities analyzed.</p>

      <p>Maybe there <em>was</em> another way.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>On the outskirts of Stockholm, snow whirled around a little girl crying in the snow.</p>

      <p>“Julia! Julia! Where are you?” Called out an adult voice in Swedish.</p>

      <p>Julia blinked out the tears from her eyes. They were already starting to freeze. “Here, dad!”</p>

      <p>Mr Olsen stepped out from behind one of the many pine trees to fine his daughter kneeling next to half finished snowman. “Julia, are you okay? Where’s Anna?”</p>

      <p>The tears started again in Julia’s eyes. “She ran off! She said I wasn’t helping enough. She said she wasn’t going to do all the work herself, so she left! And I was trying my hardest!”</p>

      <p>Mr Olsen sighed, knelt by Julia, and hugged her. After a few minutes, he put his hands on her shoulders and looked into her eyes. “Listen, Julia. What other people think doesn’t matter. What matters is that you know you tried your hardest, understand?”</p>

      <p>Julia wiped snot from her nose and nodded.</p>

      <p>“Now, what about this snowman here?” Mr Olsen continued. “Seems a waste to leave it like this. Give us a hand here.” He motioned for the fallen shovel on the ground.</p>

      <p>Hours passed in what felt like minutes and by time the two stumbled back into the warmth, to warm numb fingers, cheeks, and noses, Julia had a smile so wide it was almost painful.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“Tom! Tom! I know you’re somewhere around here!”</p>

      <p>Snow fell around Wool’s Orphanage. Out on the concrete courtyard, Mrs Cole had her hands on hips and a scowl on her lips.</p>

      <p>Tom Riddle turned one brick corner and walked up to the matron. “Yes, Mrs Cole?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t you ‘Yes, Mrs Cole’ me, young man. Robin has lost his mother’s locket, did you know that?”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t, Mrs Cole.”</p>

      <p>Mrs Cole glared at him. “That locket was very precious to him, Tom. Robin is distraught.”</p>

      <p>“That is most unfortunate, Mrs Cole.”</p>

      <p>“If I find out some one took it, I will be furious.”</p>

      <p>Tom nodded. “Maybe Robin should try looking under the bed. I often find myself losing things under there.”</p>

      <p>Mrs Cole’s stare could have frozen hydrogen. “You haven’t had a fight with Robin, have you?”</p>

      <p>“No, Mrs Cole?” Tom’s voice sounded genuinely confused this time.</p>

      <p>“Mmm… well, if you should just happen to come across it, make sure you hand it right over and I would say no more about it, you hear?”</p>

      <p>“Of course, Mrs Cole.”</p>

      <p>Mrs Cole turned and marched back into the large brick building, the inside no more warm than the outside.</p>

      <p>Once the woman was out of view, Tom reached into the inside pocket of his jacket, pulled out the cheap tin locket, held it up to the cloudy light, and smiled.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“Virgo! Can I have a word, in private?”</p>

      <p>Virgo put a bookmark in her copy of the standard book of spells, Grade VIII, and looked up as John marched over to her in the common room. She quirked an eyebrow. “Why, John, you know it’s most improper for a well to do wizard to demand such things of a young witch.”</p>

      <p>A series of giggles swept the room.</p>

      <p>John blushed red. “Look, it’s just quick, okay. It’s about the ‘you-know-what.’”</p>

      <p>Virgo mentally rolled her eyes. A few minutes later, they were alone in the boy’s dormitory.</p>

      <p>“Look,” John said, sounding worried. “It’s about Susan. You have to promise me that when we go through with the plan to petrify me, that you’re going to watch out for her.”</p>

      <p>“Of course I’m going to keep an eye on her. Who do you think I am?”</p>

      <p>John visibly sagged with relief. “That’s good. I think this whole thing is a strain on her. You know what her Aunt is like. Well, maybe you don’t. Madam Bones is really strict with the law and the rules and stuff. Even if what we’re doing is needed, Susan is probably tearing herself up about it.” He looked straight into her eyes. “You’ve no idea how comforting it is to have someone who understands to talk with about all this.”</p>

      <p>Virgo felt her heart skip a beat.</p>

      <p>She licked her lips and put a hand on John’s chest. “John, if I ask you a question, will you answer honestly?”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>“You know someone’s hunting me, right?”</p>

      <p>John’s eyes hardened. “Yes.”</p>

      <p>“And we think it’s your brother?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“If it is him. If he has sent assassins after me...” Virgo leaned in closer and stared deep into John’s eyes. “Will you help me kill him?”</p>

      <p>John hesitated. Then his face hardered again. “If Harry really has tried to kill you, and prison isn’t an option, and we think he’ll try again, then yes, I will kill him.”</p>

      <p>Not good enough.</p>

      <p>Virgo shook her head. “No, John. It can’t be prison. Think about what he has become. He’s too powerful. He’ll just be let out. And even in prison, he’d still be able to strike at me. At us. Susan, too.”</p>

      <p>A fierce battle was clearly being waged inside John’s mind. Eventually, he nodded. “If we find that it was him, I will kill him.”</p>

      <p>Virgo’s heart soared. “You will hunt down any who try to hurt me?”</p>

      <p>“I will.”</p>

      <p>“You will crush all our enemies utterly? No matter who they might be?”</p>

      <p>“I will.”</p>

      <p>Virgo smiled.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Back in the arena, Virgo felt the cool air brush across her face. She took a deep breath.</p>

      <p>“There we are folks!” Bagman called out, “It looks like our Miss Malfoy has found her center, but what is she going to do now?”</p>

      <p>Virgo smirked. Memories from the past melded with ambitions for the future. She’d already defeated Black’s stir up tactics. Who did the girl think she was? She was no mere child to be baited and toyed with. She was the greatest witch who ever lived!</p>

      <p>Virgo laughed. She actually laughed.</p>

      <p>She was not the poor muggle born Julia Olsen, and nor was she a mere soul fragment of the Dark Lord. They were gone. And in their place, she had risen. This she knew with the certainty that the sun would rise and the moon orbit the Earth. But that didn’t mean that her memories of the past had no meaning.</p>

      <p>They had meaning.</p>

      <p>They brought her joy.</p>

      <p>When needed.</p>

      <p>Virgo concentrated hard on the tip of her wand.</p>

      <p>She thrust it out in front of her.</p>

      <p>She was no one’s a play thing.</p>

      <p>She was Virgo Malfoy — reborn! From the ashes!</p>

      <p>“EXPECTO PATRONUM!”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Silver light enveloped the entire arena, bathing all who saw it in peace and contentment.</p>

      <p>As one, the entire crowd let a collective gasp as the silver light resolved itself into the form a majestic song bird, bathed in flames, spreading its wings and soaring up into the sky.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>Up in the stands, next to another exit to the rooms below, Albus Dumbledore stared with wide, unbelieving eyes.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Below the surface of the arena, Alex floated in the depths of the earth.</p>

      <p>She felt the deep rumble that signified something impressive had happened on the surface.</p>

      <p>No matter, whatever Virgo had pulled out this time, she would deal with it.</p>

      <p>In the back of her mind, her metronome ticked back and forth, tick tock, tick tock.</p>

      <p>Soon, she would pop out on the surface again. Maybe this time, she’d exit at an angle rather than straight up.</p>

      <p>Best to keep Virgo guessing.</p>

      <p>Alex mentally frowned.</p>

      <p>Something felt… wrong.</p>

      <p>She couldn’t put her finger on it, but something just felt <em>off</em>.</p>

      <p>And it was getting closer.</p>

      <p>Alex had no time to prepare, no time to figure out what was going on, before her world was full of silver light, pain, and a something slamming into her with the force a mounted broomstick rider.</p>

      <p>The strike came literally out of nowhere.</p>

      <p>She couldn’t help it. Without meaning to, she shifted.</p>

      <p>Several dozen kilos of witch rocketed upwards through the strata of the Hogwarts dueling arena.</p>

      <p>Fuck!</p>

      <p>Alex broke the surface and was uncerimonaslly flung into the air.</p>

      <p>Time seemed to slow.</p>

      <p>As Alex continued to ascend, she quickly noticed two things, the first was the whole crowd on their feet, cheering, clapping, screaming.</p>

      <p>The second was the two dozen jagged boulders, each the size of a jumbo bludger floating in a sphere around her.</p>

      <p>As if waiting for the exact moment she noticed them, the rocks shot towards her like canon balls being fired from a ship.</p>

      <p>FUCK!</p>

      <p>Alex shifted. Skin became fur. Face became muzzle. Even before the transformation finished, she was already going ethereal.</p>

      <p>And not a moment too soon. The first rock arrived just as her paws finished their transformations and shot right through what only a second earlier had been her chest.</p>

      <p>Moments later, the space containing Alex was filled with swirling rock, constantly passing through her body again and again.</p>

      <p>Alex cursed in her head.</p>

      <p>She began to summon her magics, ready to banish the flying rubble away the moment she landed. Then she’d meet Virgo and crush her.</p>

      <p>At least, that was the plan.</p>

      <p>As she continued to tumble in the air, she chanced to look down.</p>

      <p>And a fucking Phoenix made of silver light burst forth from the ground, traveling at ridiculous speed right at her.</p>

      <p>Alex barely had time to brace.</p>

      <p>The silver Phoenix crashed into her again, sending blinding pain through her body.</p>

      <p>She changed.</p>

      <p>The magic on her finger tips burst outwards.</p>

      <p>The rocks punching towards her were blasted backwards.</p>

      <p>Alex began to fall.</p>

      <p>The silver Phoenix soared away.</p>

      <p>Alex flung out a black chain to brake her fall.</p>

      <p>She landed badly, rolling across the arena.</p>

      <p>Stunning intent.</p>

      <p>Alex flung herself to the side, just as a bright red spell crashed into the dirt where she’d just been.</p>

      <p>Then she was up, frantically batting away spell after spell being fired at her from near point blank range.</p>

      <p>She’d been delivered almost right to Virgo’s feet.</p>

      <p>And Virgo was smiling.</p>

      <p>A second later, another dozen rocks leapt up from the ground and rocketed towards Alex.</p>

      <p>She banished the first round away, but such large area spells were expensive, so she shifted to avoid the second set.</p>

      <p>She got away with that for two more rounds, before the silver Phoenix reached her while in ethereal grim form and bodied her into the ground and up again.</p>

      <p>Alex shifted back, batted away a bright blue spell and cursed.</p>

      <p>Her magic was running low. Virgo, meanwhile, looked barely fazed.</p>

      <p>Time to retreat.</p>

      <p>She flung out her wand, wrapped a black chain around a faraway boulder and let herself be yanked away from close combat.</p>

      <p>Virgo followed at a sprint, but now that she had distance, Alex could freely transform into her non ethereal grim form and keep distance while she regained her magic.</p>

      <p>Above them both, the silver phoenix continued to circle, waiting for her to go ethereal again. Even from here, the wrongness of the bird seared Alex’s soul.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>It just felt wrong.</p>

      <p>She had to do something about it.</p>

      <p>If she could get rid of the Phoenix, she could stall Virgo out indefinitely. It was the only thing stopping her total victory.</p>

      <p>The bird began another pass nearby.</p>

      <p>Alex saw her chance.</p>

      <p>She took it.</p>

      <p>At her command, a Black chain transformed in a whip of darkness.</p>

      <p>Alex flung out an arm behind her, brought it around with power, and caught the silver bird just as it soared by.</p>

      <p>Silver light flared like a mini super nova.</p>

      <p>The bird, which up until this point, had been completely silent, let out a screeching cry. The silver light intensified. Then exploded.</p>

      <p>Light showered everywhere, like fairy dust.</p>

      <p>The silver Phoenix was gone.</p>

      <p>Alex smiled. She’d won. There were no more cards to play. Every play had been played. Every counter had been countered. Now she could play the game <em>she</em> needed to.</p>

      <p>Virgo came into casting range.</p>

      <p>Alex held up her wand. It was time, not to end this, but to drag it out, for a long time longer.</p>

      <p>“Wait!” Virgo called out.</p>

      <p>Alex hesitated. But, what harm could there be in waiting. That was what she wanted to do anyway, right? Unless this was another trick. Did Virgo have another ace? Another card to play? What more could she have? The Dark lord’s knowledge of magic was vast, and Slytherin had briefed her well on what she was likely to bring to bare. But he hadn’t guessed what could only be a patronus, and he hadn’t discounted the possibility that Virgo may have learned new tricks since regaining a body.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>Alex didn’t let down her guard. “What?” she called back.</p>

      <p>Virgo straightened. “You have fought well, Black!” Virgo called. “I honestly didn’t think I would have to use everything I did. And you still countered everything I could throw at you.”</p>

      <p>“Good?” Alex said.</p>

      <p>Virgo smiled, looking far more calm than Alex felt she had any right to be. “Yes,” she said. “And that is why I have no choice, but to do <em>this</em>.”</p>

      <p>Alex tensed, ready for anything.</p>

      <p>Virgo thrust a hand up in the air.</p>

      <p>“I concede!”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“VIRGO GAVE UP!”<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>In front of the door to the Room of Lost Things, Ginny flinched.</p>

      <p>Hermione’s voice practically screamed down the ear mirror, while in the background, the crowd expressed its complete disbelief.</p>

      <p>Ginny took moved the ear piece slightly away from her ear.</p>

      <p>“A little quieter, Bookworm,” Daphne’s tinny voice came from the earpiece.</p>

      <p>“Oops, sorry, but seriously, what the hell? Virgo shouldn’t surrender! Snake King said the chances of Virgo surrending were so low not even the dwarfs would find them.”</p>

      <p>“Did you hear that, Snake King?” Daphne asked.</p>

      <p>Ginny waited for the response.</p>

      <p>It didn’t come.</p>

      <p>“He must have gone into mirror silence,” she said.</p>

      <p>“That, or the chamber blocks mirror magic,” Hermione said.</p>

      <p>“That does seem likely given everything we know about it,” Daphne replied. “How is our girl in the arena doing?”</p>

      <p>“She’s here with me now,” Hermione said. “They’re giving us a minute to patch her up before the next fight. Do you want to talk to her?”</p>

      <p>“No,” Daphne said. “Not now. Just give her my congratulations. She deserves it. I was watching the fight from up here. Very impressive stuff. That was a really good catch with the shadow whip at the end there. Shadow?”</p>

      <p>“Here,” Ginny said.</p>

      <p>“Keep eyes on Virgo.”</p>

      <p>Ginny unfolded the Marauder’s Map. “On it, Eagle Eyes.” The moment Virgo tried something, and Ginny had no doubt the diary <em>would</em> try something, she’d spot it.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Up in the top stands, Lord Malfoy clapped politely, while next to him, Lord Potter stared down into the arena with wide eyes.</p>

      <p>“Very impressive,” Lucius said.</p>

      <p>“Uh huh,” James replied.</p>

      <p>“It almost makes me want to keep her.”</p>

      <p>James snapped the leader of the Dark a dirty look. “You know full well House Potter is your best option for Virgo.”</p>

      <p><span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span>“Do I?”</p>

      <p>“Yes,” James said with force. “You do.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>It should have been her moment of ultimate triumph. Certainly the endless cheering, slaps on the back, and respectful nods gave the impression of the return of a conquering hero. But being lifted up into the air by a pair of the older Slytherins and doing a minor lap of honor around the first ring of the arena crowd, Alexandra couldn’t help but feel empty.</p>

      <p>She had won, but at the same time… she hadn’t.</p>

      <p>Virgo had lost, but at the same time, she’d won.</p>

      <p>Not that anyone else outside their little group would realize that.</p>

      <p>“Yes, yes,” boomed the announcers voice around the arena, “very good, Slytherins. Can you please now escort Heiress Black back to your pit? Thank you.”</p>

      <p>And that wasn’t the only thing that felt off.</p>

      <p>There was something else, that she couldn’t quite put her finger on.</p>

      <p>Then it came to her.</p>

      <p>Her eyes frantically scanned the arena.</p>

      <p>Virgo was nowhere to be seen.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Well, that was quick, Ginny thought.</p>

      <p>“Eagle Eyes, this is Shadow,” she whispered into her ear mirror. “I still have Virgo on the map. She’s broken off from the arena and is currently heading towards the Ravenclaw girl’s changing room over at the quidditch stadium. I think she’s going to try and brake into the Chamber of Secrets.”</p>

      <p>“Understood,” Daphne’s voice replied. “Bookworm, prepare to back me up. We’re going in.”</p>

      <p>“Wait!” Ginny interrupted.</p>

      <p>“What?” Daphne asked.</p>

      <p>“There’s a problem."</p>

      <p>"Yes?"</p>

      <p>"She’s not alone.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Thousands of eyes all on him.</p>

      <p>The dueling arena was a lot bigger down here than he remembered from practice.</p>

      <p>“On the Slytherin side, Heiress Alexandra Patricia Black!”</p>

      <p>The crowd cheered wildly.</p>

      <p>Sweat ran down his forehead.</p>

      <p>He tried to dry his hands on his patchy, battered robes.</p>

      <p>And on the Gryffindor side, Ronald Billius Weasley!”</p>

      <p>The crowd cheered again, but rather more subdued this time.</p>

      <p>Ronald Weasley licked his lips nervously. His eyes darted back and forth before landing back on the first-year witch standing before him, like a pint-sized omen of death. “Err… say, Black,” he said, loud enough to carry the distance between them. “I know we might not have always been the <em>best</em> of friends, and I know we always made you be the evil dark witch whenever we did stuff together, but you enjoyed that, right? You’re, like, way into that stuff. So, there’s no need to go over the top, right? We can have a nice normal duel, right? Right?”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Virgo cursed for what felt like the fifth time in as many minutes. Slytherin had certainly done a good job on the warding surrounding all the entrances to the chamber that he hadn’t covered with the fidelus charm.</p>

      <p>This one had been woven into the very wards of Hogwarts themselves.</p>

      <p>Normally, such a feat would preclude anyone even making a dent in the layers of protection. One may as well try to breach a castle wall with a sword.</p>

      <p>But that wasn’t the case now.</p>

      <p>With Hogwarts on total lockdown, much of the magic was being used to maintain ancient war wards. Anything not considered critical was being sacrificed.</p>

      <p>That meant the protections around this entrance were far weaker than normal.</p>

      <p>The problem was that ‘far weaker than normal’ was a relative term.</p>

      <p>Her sophistication in dealing with such protections had increased markedly over the last few months. Once she’d learned what Slytherin had done, she had not been idle. The Hogwarts library was vast and since becoming student minister, she’d even wrangled access to the restricted section.</p>

      <p>None of that changed the fact that right now, she was exhausted. Even the most sophisticated ward breaching techniques needed some base level of power. To make matters worse, the headache brought on from magic overuse was affecting her ability to weave the delicate enchantments she needed.</p>

      <p>What she really needed was a good twenty minutes to let her body clear out some of the toxins.</p>

      <p>But that was twenty minutes Virgo didn’t have.</p>

      <p>From far away in the dueling arena, the sounds of the crowd gasping at whatever fate was befalling her second-year upperclassman dueling partner wafted, muffled, through the walls of the quidditch stadium.</p>

      <p>Virgo vaguely recalled that the boy in question was one of John’s friends.</p>

      <p>Not important.</p>

      <p>Not right now.</p>

      <p>She refocused her attention back on the ward in front of her.</p>

      <p>It never occurred to her that she might not be alone.</p>

      <p>And why should it have? Virgo knew she was no master of spell swatting, but that didn’t mean she couldn’t sense magic. She could. It was how she’d survived her assassins at the beginning of the year.</p>

      <p>So, when a voice that she well recognized, both old and male, coughed from the door behind her, Virgo almost swallowed her tongue.</p>

      <p>The next sentence from the voice consisted of only one word and was spoken with the tone of one who can’t quite believe they are speaking it.</p>

      <p>“Tom?”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s the last of them,” Harry said, weaving the last enchantment on the various traps and devices now strewn around the chamber. “Time to get this show on the road.”</p>

      <p>Luna nodded and skipped up the chamber to one of the large pillars near one of the many entrances.</p>

      <p>“Blindfolds on,” Harry called out.</p>

      <p>“Done!” Luna called back.</p>

      <p>Harry nodded and donned his own.</p>

      <p>He turned back to the statue of Salazar Slytherin. Since they’d arrived in the chamber, they hadn’t seen hide nor hair of the deadly serpent. The chamber was quiet. Their words echoed. Drips of water fell from the ceiling.</p>

      <p>They’d cleared away the bed and desk that he’d kept down here before, storing them away into the small storage room around the back.</p>

      <p>All the while, Harry was acutely aware that all that lay between them and the basilisk’s nest was a stone mouth that was no longer locked quite as tight as it might otherwise have been.</p>

      <p>He reached out with his magic, feeling for the presence of the giant snake.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t particularly difficult.</p>

      <p>The Chamber of Secrets was a ritual room, after all —&#160;insulated from outside magics, and even blocking many forms of divination.</p>

      <p>In such a magical vaccume, he might as well have heat vision, and the basilisk might as well be a small Hogwarts Express in full chuff.</p>

      <p>There was no doubt the snake was there, just behind the statue’s head.</p>

      <p>This was the first part of their plan.</p>

      <p>If they could negotiate with it, then they would.</p>

      <p>It was a low probability, but it was worth a shot.</p>

      <p>If nothing else, it might let important infomation slip.</p>

      <p>Harry flexed his fingers.</p>

      <p>He took a deep breath.</p>

      <p><em>§Speak to me, Slytherin—§</em> he began in a loud voice.</p>

      <p><em>§Speak to me, Slytherin—§</em> began an immediate echo of his speech from behind the marble statue.</p>

      <p><em>§—Greatest of…§</em> he continued, his voice getting softer.</p>

      <p><em>§—Greatest of the Hogwarts four,§</em> the hissing voice finished as he trailed off.</p>

      <p>The mouth of the statue started to grind open.</p>

      <p>Harry winced.</p>

      <p>Nothing like losing the initiative.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“Tom?”</p>

      <p>Virgo pursed her lips, still facing away from the door. Dumbledore was sharper than she’d given him credit for. What had it been? Her music? Her magic? Banned divination spells? Whatever it was, he sounded uncertain. And when you enemy was uncertain, best to continue to confound their expectations.</p>

      <p>She turned. “Not any more, Professor. The soul of Julia Olsen is far stronger and purer than that of Tom Marvolo Riddle.”</p>

      <p>Dumbledore stared at the young girl before him. That single statement answered so many of his questions. But yet, he wasn’t about to take a horecrux’s word at face value. If the muggleborn was indeed dominant, than what a fascinating opportunity this could be, but if she wasn’t…</p>

      <p>In the folds of his robe, he kept his hand on the elder wand.</p>

      <p>“Stronger?” he asked, mildly. “I would have thought that overcoming a soul fragment of the dark lord would be an accomplishment that many trained aurors would fail to manage, even one so mangled and weak.”</p>

      <p>Virgo smirked inside. Baiting her, was he? A predictable strategy — and one that might even have worked, if she hadn’t just beaten Black’s same attempts with a patronus.</p>

      <p>The Dumbledore she remembered was incredibly arrogant —&#160;so sure of himself and that he knew best. This older version seemed similar.</p>

      <p>“My friends in Gryffindor helped me,” she said. “And I wouldn’t have made it without their help. The hat put me there, Professor. It said that it should put Tom in Slytherin, but that Julia had the soul true to your old house.”</p>

      <p>Dumbledore smiled, a twinkle in his piercing blue eyes. Flattery, eh? he thought. She certainly had Tom’s silver tongue. Voldemort might have become a monster, but he well remembered just how charming he could be in his younger years. He could easily imagine this incarnation worming her way into Gryffindor house, corrupting the younger students, building alliances — a snake in the lion’s den.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>He gestured to the wall behind her. “So, it is Lord Slytherin setting the monster loose in Hogwarts? I see you know of this entrance.”</p>

      <p>Virgo frowned to herself. Had Dumbledore actually figured out the entrances to the chamber in her absence? Or was he just fishing? She couldn’t take the risk. She nodded, slowly. “I know of many entrances. Slytherin has warded them all. I’ve been trying to break them since I arrived. But alas, I fear the task beyond me. Not even John was up to it.”</p>

      <p>Dumbledore smiled. “If the wards were broken, purchance we would find our young hero’s brother beyond. In truth, it is not Lord Slytherin I worry for. More rather, I fear the trust Slytherin may place where it may not be warranted.”</p>

      <p>Virgo smiled. “Ever since John was petrified, I don’t particular care who is behind the petrifications, only that they be brought to justice. After all, if the boy-who-lived cannot walk Hogwarts without fear, who can?”</p>

      <p>“Quite,” Dumbledore replied.</p>

      <p>Another cheer from the dueling arena filtered though the quidditch stadium walls.</p>

      <p>‘He doesn’t know Harry is Lord Slytherin,’ Virgo thought.</p>

      <p>‘She doesn’t know Harry is the boy-who-lived,’ Dumbledore thought.</p>

      <p>They held each other’s gazes.</p>

      <p>‘Best keep that tidbit to myself for now,’ thought both of them.</p>

      <p>With a flourish, Dumbledore produced his wand and bowed. “Well, then, my girl. Why don’t we go about seeing what we can do about this pesky ward, shall we?”</p>

      <p>Virgo stood aside and motioned to the concealed entrance. “Please, Professor. Be my guest.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Harry had his eyes well closed as the gigantic basilisk’s head poked out of the statue. It flicked its tongue, tasting the air.</p>

      <p>§So,§ the giant snake said in its understandably hissing voice. §The pretender to the throne finally stands before this one.§</p>

      <p>Standing, as he indeed was, below, Harry said nothing. He was waiting to hear where this was going.</p>

      <p>§And yet,§ the basilisk continued, §you stand before me, hidden. Why do you not wear your true form, pretender?§</p>

      <p>Harry’s mind raced. Presumably, the basilisk was talking about his Chimera animagus form. That the snake spoke of it as his ‘true form’ answered a lot of questions. Like, ‘why did the basilisk leave its nest, only after they had competed the animagus ritual?’. It had sensed the presence of a competitor. Though it didn’t answer the question of how the snake had found a way to the surface when all the exits were supposed to be warded.</p>

      <p>He raised his head upwards, while keeping his eyes closed. §Thisss isss my true form, king of snakesss,§ he replied. §I do not seek to take your throne.§</p>

      <p>§Liar!§ The great snake screeched. §I smell your power. I feel your authority. You wear crown of serpents. You would command this one if you could. You do not, only because my master still lives. Face me in your true form, pretender! Or I will swallow you now!§</p>

      <p>Harry breathed out. No choice then. He shifted. Hands became giant paws. Fingernails became claws. His weight shifted, forcing him onto all fours. Body hair became fur. His face lengthened. Muscles bulged. The hair on his head became the crown of serpents. And Harry’s mind fractured, but he held it fast, like a man holding a dozen dogs on a leesh. If anyone thought controlling someone with the imperious curse was difficult. They should try controlling more than a hundred writhing snakes.</p>

      <p>§We ssstand before you,§ spoke a hundred snakes in unison. Harry separated his consciousness from a single one of the serpents and bid it meet the giant snake’s gaze.</p>

      <p>When the single snake didn’t die, he opened the rest of his crown’s eyes, but kept his lion eyes firmly closed.</p>

      <p>§This one sees,§ the basilisk said.</p>

      <p>It was even larger than Harry remembered, if that was possible. And there was something about it that felt different, but he couldn’t put his fingers on it. Maybe the sheen of its scales? The vibrancy of its colors?</p>

      <p>§And now that you stand before me, unhidden§ it continued. §Why have you come? You must know that this one will not sleep on your presence in my domain. Only one king!§</p>

      <p>§Can we not agree to territorial borders? One ruler to another?§ Harry asked. §The chamber and its ways for you. The castle and its grounds for me?§</p>

      <p>§Noooo,§ the basilisk hissed. §The castle while is my territory. Lord Slytherin gave us our domain a countless skins ago.§</p>

      <p>§I am Lord Ssslytherin,§ Harry replied in a hundred-strong snakey chorus. §By right of conquest of your master. Not only that, but I hold prisoner a fragment of your master’s sssoul in my head. I ssspeak, not only with the authority of my position, but with the magic of his being.§</p>

      <p>The basilisk tilted its head.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>But Harry all but already knew what its next words would be.</p>

      <p>§That would matter,§ it said. §If my master had not commanded I not take orders from the soul fragments he saught to imprison.§</p>

      <p>Well, it was worth a shot.</p>

      <p>Lion-Harry snarled, and his voice, when it emerged, boomed. “Let him have it!”</p>

      <p>A series of explosive bangs opened up from the far side of the chamber, powerdirising the statue-head and causing the basilisk to rear back and screech. 50-cal machine gun rounds zipped through the air and smacked into the giant snake’s armour. Unfortunatnly, it didn’t seem to be doing anything.</p>

      <p>“The eyes!” Harry bellowed, more out of frustration than because he thought it would add any value. Obviously Luna knew she should be aiming for the eyes, but with her own blindfold on, her ability to do so would be seriously limited.</p>

      <p>Eventually, the stream of hot led petered off, leaving the extremely narked off killing machine unharmed, save a hundred or so dents in its scales.</p>

      <p>“My turn!” Harry roared. He leaped at the basilisk, just as it was dropping down. They met in the middle, still falling, claws scrabbling for purchase, fangs trying to sink into flesh. Harry managed to dig his way up just before they both hit the floor. He jumped onto the head and bit down hard behind the skull. He wished he hadn’t. He felt one of his incisors crunch as they failed to brake through the tough armor.</p>

      <p>The basilisk was already starting to swing its head about, hissing in rage. Harry shifted into his human form, pulled out one of the goblin silver daggers laced with blinding solution, and stabbed it downwards.</p>

      <p>Clang.</p>

      <p>The silver dagger bit into the armor, but did not pierce through.</p>

      <p>The snake whipped it’s head back again, this time throwing Harry off. He fell to the ground and shifted back into his chimera form, just as dagger-like teeth the size of a sword sunk into his flesh. Or at least, they would have, if his Chimera fur wasn’t pretty much impervious to all forms of piercing damage. Instead, it felt like someone kicking him extremely hard in the gut.</p>

      <p>He roared and scrabbled with his claws at the open flesh of the snake’s mouth.</p>

      <p>It screeched in pain and reared back as Harry finally scored first blood.</p>

      <p>Harry changed back and rolled backwards, clutching his already bruising stomach.</p>

      <p>“Now!”</p>

      <p>Something large and pointed wizzed through the air. The goblin-tipped ballista bolt flew straight and true right into the basilisks mouth. It punched right through the roof of its mouth, exited out the back, hit the ceiling beyond, and clattered back down to the chamber floor.</p>

      <p>The basilisk swayed.</p>

      <p>Then collapsed.</p>

      <p>It hit the stone floor with a thud that caused the floor to shake.</p>

      <p>Harry looked at the downed snake with a feeling of anticlimax. “Well, that wasn’t nearly as hard as I thought it would be.”</p>

      <p>Luna trotted up. “We didn’t even have to use the magic bra.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Dumbledore wiped his brow. No matter what anyone said, even as powerful as he was, breaking into the wards of Hogwarts, even those underpowered as these were, was no easy feat.</p>

      <p>“Progress?” ‘Virgo’ Malfoy asked.</p>

      <p>“Patience, my girl,” he replied. “These things cannot be rushed.”</p>

      <p>“I am well aware,” she replied. “But we must be quick. Every moment we delay is oppotunity wasted.”</p>

      <p>Dumbledore ignored her, turned back to the wards, and bent his concentration to them again. He had no doubt he would break them soon. He wasn’t known as one of the most skilled wizards in the world for nothing.</p>

      <p>Still, he couldn’t help but think about how much easier this would be if Fawkes was still with him. The wards of Hogwarts did not count anti-phoenix travel among its number. Well, nothing that would stop his entering, anyway. But Fawkes had been AWOL since the last time the monster had been released.</p>

      <p>A thought struck him.</p>

      <p>“Virgo, my dear, what is the monster in the chamber?”</p>

      <p>“Basilisk. And I am not your dear.”</p>

      <p>Dumbledore nodded grimly to himself before resuming his work with a new sense of purpose. That new fact raised the chances of one of the more gruesome possibilities for what had happened to his familiar. And if so, then actually killing the monster could be quite a bit challenge.</p>

      <p>After all, beings cried not only when they were sad, but also when they were in pain.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>The stillness of the chamber felt unreal. Harry, now back in human form, gazed at the massive body in front of him, considering their next step. “Looks like Alex may get a chance at raising it after all,” he muttered.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Harry! Look! I’m riding it!”</p>

      <p>Harry smiled. “Very good, Luna. But we need to get a move on. Can’t have all those traps lying around before we reopen the school.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Harry! Eww! You can still hear it gurgling away in there.” She had her ear pressed to the snake’s body.</p>

      <p>Harry ignored her and turned to leave. Impressively, the shear amount of magic radiating from the beast hadn’t decreased even a little bit. He shuddered to think what a confrontation might have looked like if they weren’t so prepared.</p>

      <p>He took a step towards the exit. He also needed to get back in contact with the others.</p>

      <p>“Harry? Can you hear that?”</p>

      <p>Harry stopped, putting his current thoughts on hold. He listened. “What am I listening for?”</p>

      <p>“It sounds like bird song.”</p>

      <p>“Bird song?” Harry turned back to the basilisk.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>Luna still had her ear pressed to the giant snake’s scales.</p>

      <p>He frowned. “From inside its stomach? Nothing should be able to survive in there.”</p>

      <p>A terrible suspicion swept over him. “Luna,” he said, voice turning firm. “Check the exit wound.”</p>

      <p>Luna scrabbled up to the head, while Harry followed.</p>

      <p>There was a moment while Luna looked around.</p>

      <p>“Well?”</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing,” she answered sounding puzzled. But I saw—</p>

      <p>“Luna! Get down now!”</p>

      <p>A shudder ran all the way down the snake’s body.</p>

      <p>The large eye next to Harry snapped open.</p>

      <p>And Harry found himself staring unprotected straight into a gaze that could kill. Or at least, it no doubt would have, if the entire pupil wasn’t clouded over and milky.</p>

      <p>“It’s not dead!” he shouted.</p>

      <p>The head jerked around towards him. It’s jaw opened wide.</p>

      <p>And was immediately slammed shut when fourteen tonnes of Tyranasourus Rex stamped it into the floor, hard.</p>

      <p>“Hold it there!” he yelled, whipping out his Goblin Silver sword infused with swelling solution. He put all the strength he had into the thrust, stabbing at the only unprotected bit of snake he could see —&#160;the eye right in front of him —&#160;only to have the sword bounce off an eyelid that snapped shut right at the last moment.</p>

      <p>The snake spun, going into a death coil, freeing itself Luna’s pressure.</p>

      <p>“Luna!” Harry shouted, fully intending to tell her to retreat. But Luna had shifted back into human form the moment she’d lost her control over the venomous end and was already sprinting away.</p>

      <p>He just had time to shout out, “Phoenix inside!” and “It’s blinded!” before the snake turned its attention back to him and lunged, mouth open. Harry swung in pure self defense.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>The goblin silver sliced a line clean in its open mouth. The results were out of all proportion to the size of the cut. The swelling solution amplified the wound, gushing dark brown blood everywhere.</p>

      <p>The basilisk reared back and screeched, but now that Harry knew what to look for, he could even now see the wound starting to knit itself back together.</p>

      <p>He shifted back into his Chimera form and roared.</p>

      <p>They’d defeated it once before and they could do so again. And this time, they’d make sure it stayed dead.</p>

      <p>The basilisk snapped its maw shut and stared down at him with those white, unseeing, milky eyes.</p>

      <p>Harry readied himself for round two.</p>

      <p>The blinding solution that had been infused into that ballistica bolt wouldn’t last forever, but it would certainly long enough for what was going to go down right here, right now. It was rare for fights to last longer than a few minutes.</p>

      <p>The sound of Luna fighting with something large and metal in one of the trunks wafted between the two monsters.</p>

      <p>The basilisk bolted.</p>

      <p>Wait, what?</p>

      <p>Harry barely had time to regain his wits before he was faced with the back end of a snake slithering at speed towards the back of the chamber.</p>

      <p>It was running away?!</p>

      <p>In just two strides and one giant leap, Harry landed on to back of its tail.</p>

      <p>§OPEN!§ the basilisk screeched.</p>

      <p>If Harry had been in his human form, he would have gaped as an exit to the chamber not even he knew about opened, and the snake raced inside.</p>

      <p>He had just enough time to register that the opening was narrowing as more of the basilisks’ body left the chamber, but not enough time to declaw himself from the scales and jump off before he slammed headfirst into the stone work.</p>

      <p>He fell to the floor with a thud.</p>

      <p>§OPEN!§ screeched a hundred smaller snakes in unison. This time, the passageway that formed conformed to his body-shape.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“So, then, we are all agreed, my lords?”</p>

      <p>The four men in expensive robes nodded.</p>

      <p>Cornelius Fudge nervously fiddled with the rim of his bowler hat. “Right, then. Then, it will be up to you, Lord Greengrass. Once the tournament is over, if Lord Slytherin has yet to completely finish his… err… business, up at the castle, then you will be the wizard on the spot, as it were.” Fudge laughed nervously. "There's a lot of wizards out there, and they'll want answers."</p>

      <p>“I’m sure it won’t be all that much longer,” Jacob said in a cheerful voice. “Slytherin is nothing if not efficient.”</p>

      <p>“Truly,” drawled Lord Malfoy. “And yet, I cannot help but ask myself how necessary this all was. Some of us, after all, have places to be. Being trapped like this, while nostalgic, is nevertheless most undignified.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure your dignity can handle a few minutes of inconvenience,” Lord Potter said in a snarky voice. His tone became more serious. “More importantly, what are we to make of Albus’ assertions? Lord Slytherin may have confided his plans in you, Lord Greengrass, but plans can go awry, and if Harry did decide to act alone…” he broke off, looking angry.</p>

      <p>“James, don’t talk rot,” said Lord Black. “If Harry is up at the castle, my only hope he’s being sensible and keeping his head down. The idea that he’s some kind of criminal master mind is outrageous. I’ve no idea what Dumbledore is thinking. Or why he seems to have it out for Harry.”</p>

      <p>“There are circumstances you aren’t privy too,” James replied, darkly.</p>

      <p>“What circumstances?” Sirius shot back. “If there’s something going on with my godson, then I demand—“ He stopped mid-sentence and glanced at the two other lords and the minister — listening on with interest. He snapped his mouth shut.</p>

      <p>Lord Potter glared at him.</p>

      <p>“Gentlemen.” Malfoy stepped smoothly into the conversational open space. “I think we can all agree that Dumbledore, while obviously deserving of the utmost respect for his many lifetime achievements, is not infallible.” He inspected his silver snake’s head cane and made to brush an imaginary spec of dust from the top. “I personally do not find it surprising that Slytherin has enlisted your heir’s aid, Potter.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>“Son!”</p>

      <p>Malfoy smirked.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>All was quiet in the Room of Requirement. Or the Room of Lost Things. Or the Come and Go Room. Or whatever name one might give it.</p>

      <p>Susan sat with her back to the door to the outside world, hands up around her knees.</p>

      <p>Violet Chesterfield stood nearby, looking up at the shuttered windows with her hands behind her back.</p>

      <p>The conversation had been awkward and confusing. Susan had never quite known what to make of the pair of Hufflepuff muggleborns one year below her. They were clearly twins, but at the same time, their personalities were very different.</p>

      <p>Marrigold was bubbly and energetic.</p>

      <p>Violet felt more subdued. More serious.</p>

      <p>The first thing Susan had asked when Violet had appeared was if she was the reason the door wouldn’t open.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>Violet denied it and then went on to explain how the Hogwarts wards worked during a lockdown.</p>

      <p>According to the muggleborn, the unique warding required for the Room of Requirement made it enough of an extension of Hogwarts that the war wards counted it as external to the rest of the Castle. “Hence, the lockout,” Violet said. “Though that doesn’t include the siege wards. If we had enough fire power, I’ve no doubt we could blast our way out.”</p>

      <p>“What are you even doing here?” Susan asked. “I would have thought you’d want to watch your sister down in the arena.”</p>

      <p>Violet gave her a rare smile. “It was my intension to watch over one our interests in the castle. Everyone being down at the arena, and Marrigold being one of the duelists, makes for such a wonderful opportunity to poke around.”</p>

      <p>“What interests?”</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t possibly say.”</p>

      <p>“Is it something to do with the Gray?” Susan folded her arms. “It’s not a secret, you know. Everyone knows Slytherin has been recruiting all the muggleborns.”</p>

      <p>Violet laughed.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“Luna! With me!” Lion-Harry roared.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>Luna was already sprinting across the chamber. She scrambled onto his back and shimmied up to just behind his head, sinking into the mass of snakes.</p>

      <p>“Hold on!” Harry shouted.</p>

      <p>“Or, you could hold onto me,” Luna replied.</p>

      <p>A dozen snakes coiled tightly around Luna’s ankles. Another group weaved themselves into a set of reins.</p>

      <p>“Now, hold on!” Harry shouted again.</p>

      <p>In one leap, he bounded into the pipe-way the basilisk had retreated through, and together the two began to give chase.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“Snake Crown, this is Eagle Eyes, can you hear me?”</p>

      <p>Daphne swung her legs back and forth on the tree branch she was sitting on, trying her best not to worry. Still no reply.</p>

      <p>Down in the arena, Alex was panting. The fifth-year Gryffindor opposite her wasn’t as good as the fifth-year from Hufflepuff, but he didn’t need to be. Long continual combat with no breaks was starting to take its toll.</p>

      <p>In the Hufflepuff dugout, a certain first-year twin grinned at the display. Behind her, Cedric Diggory watched with a keen eye.</p>

      <p>High up in the stands, Lord Jacob Greengrass passed by his wife, one row below, to sit back down next to Xenophilius. “No word from Harry?” Xeno whispered. Jacob shook his head.</p>

      <p>On the other side of the arena, Lord Malfoy frowned as Alexandra Black succeeded in dispatching her fifth opponent. Narssissa leaned close. “Maybe we could solve Draco’s problem with a contract between her and Alexandra,” she whispered.</p>

      <p>In the quidditch stadium, Virgo watched Dumbledore at work with rapt attention. Every wand move, every incantation — she soaked it in like a sponge.</p>

      <p>“Snake Crown? Snake crown, this is Eagle Eyes, can you hear me?”</p>

      <p>Daphne pursed her lips.</p>

      <p>She heard a faint crackle.</p>

      <p>“Hi, Eagle Eyes!” came Luna’s cheerful voice through the ear mirror. “We’re chasing the basilisk! It ate Dumbledore’s phoenix and the tears keep it healing!”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>“It left the chamber through an exit Harry doesn’t know about.”</p>

      <p>Daphne couldn’t keep the alarm out of her voice. “Where are you?!”</p>

      <p>“No idea!” Luna chirped back.</p>

      <p>“Shadow!” Daphne shouted down the mirror. “Anything on the map?”</p>

      <p>“Not yet,” came Ginny’s voice back.</p>

      <p>“Keep watching!”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p><a id="nov-06-major"></a>In the Room of Requirement, Susan was starting to get annoyed. The reason for this was simple. Violet Chesterfield, twelve-year-old Hufflepuff muggleborn, was monologuing.</p>

      <p>“I can’t help feeling the Wizarding World has lost it’s way,” Violet said. “Back in the old days—back before the statue of secrecy—wizards and muggles lived together. They worked together. They played together. Muggles watched quidditch! Everyone knew magic was real. Can you imagine what our world would be like if they still did?”</p>

      <p>“No,” Susan replied. And she couldn’t. She’d lived in the hidden world of magic all her life. The idea of Muggles being let in on the secret was utterly unthinkable. “And I’m not interested in debating it,” she added. “Aren’t you even a little bit worried? We’ve been stuck in here for ages now!”</p>

      <p>Violet ignored her. “Haven’t you ever wondered why they did it?”</p>

      <p>“Did what?”</p>

      <p>“The International Statute of Secrecy.”</p>

      <p>A vein throbbed in Susan’s forehead. “Everyone who grew up in our world knows why they did it. Muggles discovered calculus. Once they’d mastered that, it was only a matter of time before they created weapons powerful enough to threaten us.”</p>

      <p>Violet smiled. “And so, the Wizarding World set out to erase the knowledge of magic’s existence from the mind of every muggle on planet Earth. Hundreds of millions of them.” She tilted her head. “Instead of erasing the knowledge of calculus from the minds of the dozen or so high-level mathematicians who’d mastered it?”</p>

      <p>Susan hesitated.</p>

      <p>Violet turned away from her, hands behind her back. “Do you hear that?”</p>

      <p>“Hear what?”</p>

      <p>Violet chuckled. “I think we’re about to have company.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Lion-Harry bounded up the twisting and spiraling tunnel pipe at full speed, Luna holding herself fast in his snake-mane, relaying coms with the outside world through their ear-mirrors.</p>

      <p>Harry’s mind was racing. He’d never been up this pipe before. Keeping track of their direction was pretty much a lost cause. He had only his instincts to guide him. Where were they going to come out?</p>

      <p>“Virgo and Dumbledore still haven’t broken into the chamber!” Luna shouted behind him.</p>

      <p>Harry didn’t have the breath to spare to growl.</p>

      <p>“And Susan still hasn’t left the come and go room!”</p>

      <p>Harry banked hard right as the pipe took another twisty turn, throwing all four paws against the wall to arrest his momentum.</p>

      <p>That would mean that Ginny was still outside the room as well. It would be a good idea to order her to retreat somewhere safer. The problem was, where would be safer? Without knowing where the exit was, the map wouldn’t provide a useful warning.</p>

      <p>A shiver went down Harry’s spine, causing all his snakes to momentarily stand on end.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!” Luna called out.</p>

      <p>Where else on the map wasn’t shown? The Room of Lost Things.</p>

      <p>A certain inevitability sank into Harry’s gut. Where had Virgo been holed up in for many weeks on end?</p>

      <p>The Room of Lost Things.</p>

      <p>“LUNA!” Harry bellowed as the pipe leveled out. “GET GINNY OUT OF THERE, NOW!”</p>

      <p>Luna didn’t hesitate.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“GINNY, GET OUT OF THERE, NOW!”</p>

      <p>Ginny didn’t hesitate.</p>

      <p>She ran.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>A grinding sound echoed throughout the Room of Lost Things.</p>

      <p>Susan’s head whipped around.</p>

      <p>The portal to the Chamber of Secrets was opening. With no one to speak parseltongue. All by itself.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>“What the he—”</p>

      <p>That was as far as she got.</p>

      <p>Still only half way open, the portal exploded.</p>

      <p>In the next few seconds, several things happened in quick succession.</p>

      <p>First, the bricks that made up the wall of the room shot out in all directions.</p>

      <p>Susan didn’t even have time to flinch.</p>

      <p>Second, a brilliant bubble of golden light snapped into place around her. The bricks smashed against the shield. Some disintegrated on impact. Others spun away deeper into the room. A cloud of dust enveloped the shield.</p>

      <p>Now, Susan flinched.</p>

      <p>Third, the brick dust billowed apart, like a curtain being flung back, as something huge lunged through it.</p>

      <p>Now, Susan screamed.</p>

      <p>Fourth, the basilisk. The hells-damned basilisk, crashed into the shield of golden light with a sound like a ten tonne hammer hitting the world’s largest bell.</p>

      <p>It bounced off the dome and crashed away.</p>

      <p>A moment later, there was another deafeningly loud smashing sound as the thousand year old snake ploughed not only through the room’s door, but also through the castle’s protective wards.</p>

      <p>Susan registered a wand at her side, pointing into the shield. Violet.</p>

      <p>“W-w-w-w—“</p>

      <p>Violet grabbed her firmly, waved her wand again, and the two vanished from sight. She found herself yanked to the side.</p>

      <p>Fifthly, and most definitely not finally, Luna freak’n Lovegood arrived in the room, riding a Morgana-be-damned Chimera! The beast roared and took off after the snake, it’s own mane of snakes hissing wildly all the way.</p>

      <p>A second later, it was all over.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>A book shelf John had set up for storing dueling books from the library finished tipping over and smacked into the floor, sending it’s contents spilling out across the flagstones.</p>

      <p>The two of them popped back into sight.</p>

      <p>“Well, well, well,” Violet said, looking about as impressed as if someone had just scored an interesting shot in quidditch. “That was something.”</p>

      <p>Now, Susan began hyperventilating.</p>

      <p>A painful smack across the face snapped her out of it.</p>

      <p>“None of that,” Violet said. “Don’t you have something to be doing?”</p>

      <p>“Doing?!” Susan screeched. She stared at the girl standing before her. “Doing what?! Do you even know what that was?!”</p>

      <p>“Of course. And I know about the promise you made Madam Bones.”</p>

      <p>“You were listening?!”</p>

      <p>“I was. Well?”</p>

      <p>Susan’s mind shifted gears. Yes. Violet was right. The door was open now. She needed to get to the Headmaster’s office. She needed to open the way for the aurors. This had all got way out of hand. She said she’d stop it if it did. And clearly, Virgo had lost control. And there was a Chimera now too!!</p>

      <p>She nodded her resolve.</p>

      <p>Violet bowed before her. “After you then, Miss Bones.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Ginny ran.</p>

      <p>She shifted between cheetah and human form at will, sprinting down long corridors on four legs, while taking stairs three at a time on two.</p>

      <p>Behind her, the sounds of a seriously pissed off rampaging killing machine got fainter and fainter, but still she ran.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>The snake was still traveling in her general direction, and until she heard other wise, she intended to follow Harry’s order, and stay the hell away.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>Not that she wouldn’t like a crack at the beast—in fact, she craved it, it made her heart race and her palms tingle just thinking about it—but she was aware she had a job to do, and do it, she would.</p>

      <p>Eventually, the crashing sounds started getting more distant, even when she slowed down. Evidently, the snake had veered off in another direction, giving her some breathing room.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>Ginny slowed to a trot, then shifted back into a witch, slowly down from a run to a jog, before finally stopping, breathing heavily, and whipping the map from her pocket to inspect.</p>

      <p>A quick scan later told her exactly what she needed to know. “Eagle Eyes, the is Shadow,” she said, after fully getting her breath back. “I have Bones on the map.”</p>

      <p>“Where is she?” Daphne’s urgent voice came back.</p>

      <p>“Heading towards the professor’s apartments.”</p>

      <p>“The Headmaster’s Office,” Luna’s voice cut in, raised to overcome a background cacophony. “The emergency floo. Her Aunt.”</p>

      <p>“Shadow, Intercept her,” Daphne said in a firm voice.</p>

      <p>“On it.” She moved to head off.</p>

      <p>“No hurry,” Luna added. “Snake Crown says he has just locked the passageway leading up to it.” There was the sound of a large magical explosion in the background before her voice returned. “But he also says it’s important to get Bones out of the action.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>The crowd in the dueling arena continued to cheer as Alex put paid to her latest opponent.</p>

      <p>“Winner, Alexandra Black!” Bagman’s voice rang out. “Slytherin 6 — Gryffindor 0!”</p>

      <p>Sirius clapped loudly. “Well done, Alex! Well done!”</p>

      <p>“She is doing well, isn’t she?” said Jacob Greengrass on his right, clapping along side the rest of the crowd.</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” agreed Xenophilius Lovegood on his left.</p>

      <p>The exclamations of a few wizards further down the line prompted Sirius to turn back to Jacob, just as a magnificent Golden Eagle alighted on Lord Greengrass’s outstretched arm.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, daughter,” Jacob said, taking a neatly folded up piece of parchment from a proffered talon.</p>

      <p>Daphne Greengrass took flight as Lord Greengrass unfolded and subsequently read the parchment. “Ahhh.” He handed it to Sirius. “Looks like duty calls, my friend.”</p>

      <p>Sirius took the parchment and read.</p>

      <p><em>Chief Auror, Sirus Black.</em></p>

      <p><em>It may interest you to know that one Mister Albus Dumbledore is currently attempting to circumvent the war wards of Hogwarts and break his way into the Chamber of Secrets, taking with him, a Hogwarts student of the first year.</em></p>

      <p><em>Leaving aside the legality of such behavior, given that Dumbledore currently has no direct authority in Hogwarts, it is imperative that the chamber remains closed until the operations to subdue the monster inside the castle are complete. To do otherwise would needlessly expose the outside citizenry to unnecessary risk of instant death — an outcome that my future lord husband has labored tirelessly to ensure doesn’t happen.</em></p>

      <p><em>They are in the Ravenclaw girl’s bathroom in the Quidditch Stadium.</em></p>

      <p><em>Yours with the greatest respect,</em></p>

      <p><em>Miss Daphne Greengrass</em></p>

      <p>Sirius crumpled the parchment up, tossed it over his shoulder, and glared at Lord Greengrass.</p>

      <p>“Well?” Jacob asked.</p>

      <p>The two lords stared each other down.</p>

      <p>In the arena below, Alex walked back onto the grass to more loud cheering.</p>

      <p>Sirius broke first. “Okay, okay. I’ll go. But, I swear, if it turns out that Lord Slytherin is up to anything shady in all this, I will find out.”</p>

      <p>“Your duty does you credit, Chief Auror,” Jacob said. “Except you left something out in your deceleration.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“We’ll go,” said Xeno behind him. He was reading the crumpled up note.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“<em>We’ll</em> go,” Xeno repeated, putting emphasis on the we’ll. “It will be good for you to have two seated members of the Wizangamot witness whatever it is that’s about to go down. And more to the point—“ He gave Sirius a bright smile. “What else are friends for?”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Ginny felt her heart beat in her chest. Invisible, silent, not even a scent to mark her location, she lay in wait for her prey behind a stone statue that hid the secret passage way she’d just sprinted down to get here.</p>

      <p>Her ear piece was deactivated.</p>

      <p>The invisibility cloak hid her, even from the gaze of Death himself.</p>

      <p>Far off, on the other side of the castle, a very faint roar indicated that Harry was finally getting stuck into the fight with the Basilisk. Though the fact that it sounded a long way away, didn’t actually mean much in a castle with magic secret passage ways.</p>

      <p>Ginny licked her lips.</p>

      <p>Her heart hammered.</p>

      <p>On the map she held, Susan Bones was drawing ever closer to her location.</p>

      <p>She freak’n loved moments like this.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t as good as actually fighting the basilisk, but it would do.</p>

      <p>The sound of footsteps on flagstones faded into hearing.</p>

      <p>Ginny grinned.</p>

      <p>It was time.</p>

      <p>She felt a draft on her ankles.</p>

      <p>She frowned.</p>

      <p>She looked down.</p>

      <p>Her shoes, socks, and ankles were visible.</p>

      <p>The cloak had risen up and was exposing everything from her shins down.</p>

      <p>What the—?</p>

      <p>There was a flash of red, and Ginny pitched forward, falling into unconsciousness.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>"Violet?” Susan called out. “Where did you go?”</p>

      <p>“I’m here.”</p>

      <p>Susan jumped in surprise as the Hufflepuff slid out of the shadows. “What were you doing there?!”</p>

      <p>“Nothing important. Come on.”</p>

      <p>“But, what were you—“</p>

      <p>“Quickly, now! Hup hup hup!”</p>

      <p>Another distant roar made Susan reconsider her need to know just what the girl had been up to and follow her back along the corridor towards the professor’s apartments.</p>

      <p>As they jogged along, the faint sounds of titanic battle seemed to get closer and more distant, seemingly at random.</p>

      <p>At one point, Susan flinched as a door just ahead of them burst apart in a shower of splinters and the snake barreled through and into another door exactly opposite, followed several seconds later by Luna mounted on the Chimera.</p>

      <p>Another second and they were both gone again — the sounds of battle once again distant and faint.</p>

      <p>Only then did she realize she was, once more, invisible..</p>

      <p>“Not much further,” Violet said in a voice far too calm for the situation.</p>

      <p>Susan could only nod and follow.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Sweat rolled down Professor Dumbledore’s face.</p>

      <p>Virgo watched in begrudging admiration. That kind of power was quite something to behold.</p>

      <p>Still, if they couldn’t get through the wards, it wouldn’t make any—</p>

      <p>There was the a sound rather like breaking glass —&#160;a faint tinkle as something delicate cracked and fell to the ground.</p>

      <p>The old coot had actually done it.</p>

      <p>Dumbledore straightened up. “Ahh, there we go. After you, my dear.”</p>

      <p>Virgo took a deep breath. She’d been considering this moment —&#160;considering whether revealing her animagus self was worth it. Ultimately, she’d decided it was. She needed to get into the castle, and this was, annoyingly, the only way.</p>

      <p>Virgo transformed. Moments later, where once there had been a young witch, there was now a fully grown lamia.</p>

      <p>“Remarkable,” Dumbledore said. “Red and gold are very much your colours, my dear.”</p>

      <p>Virgo said nothing, but simply turned to face the wall and hissed out, §Open§.</p>

      <p>The secret passage way to the chamber of secrets ground itself open.</p>

      <p>“Very interesting that your top half is simply a grown up version of your true self.”</p>

      <p>“Yes,” said a deep male voice behind both of them, causing Virgo to almost swallow her tongue. “Very interesting, indeed.”</p>

      <p>Virgo turned. Three wizards stood in the doorway to the Ravenclaw girl’s changing room. She instantly recognized Lord Greengrass and Lord Lovegood. They were problematic. The one in the middle though, made her grit her teeth in frustration.</p>

      <p>“Ahh,” said Dumbledore in that incredibly annoyingly clam way of his. “Sirius. How good of you to join us. And you too, Jacob, Xenophilus. As you can see, we’ve discovered a way to investigate what might be going on up at the castle and make sure nothing illegal is happening. I was planning to send a message, but you seem to already be on the ball, as the muggles would say.”</p>

      <p>Virgo mentally rolled her eyes at that. Grade-A bullshit spoken with a tongue so silver she had no idea how the man hadn’t been put in Slytherin.</p>

      <p>“Yes…” Sirius said, slowly. “And you, Miss Malfoy? How long have you been an animagus?”</p>

      <p>“Three daysss,” Virgo lied. “I didn’t have time to register, which is why I didn’t ussse it in the tournament.” Damn damn! All that patience and caution wasted!</p>

      <p>Lord Black grunted. “Well, we’ve got word from Lord Slytherin that no one is to go up to the castle until he’s done.”</p>

      <p>“With respect, chief auror,” Dumbledore started. “Just because Slytherin may control the wards, might I remind you that doesn’t mean he has the legal authority to do so. His position right now is an oddity —&#160;one brought about by practical necessity owing to the rogue house elf.”</p>

      <p>Virgo’s ears pricked at that.</p>

      <p>“The Headmaster administers Hogwarts, under the guidance of the board,” Dumbledore continued. “But the board itself is ultimately responsible to the Wizengamot, as are we all. As the Chief Warlock, it is my responsibility to ensure Hogwarts is not being used as one wizard’s private playground.”</p>

      <p>“And this has nothing to do with Harry,” Sirius said.</p>

      <p>Virgo bit her rather long tongue.</p>

      <p>“Of course not,” Dumbledore rejoined. “Though, if we did find that Harry was involved, obviously I’d expect you to do your duty as Chief Auror.”</p>

      <p>Sirius visibly ground his teeth.</p>

      <p>“Fine. Xeno, Jacob. Wands out and stick by me. Albus, you too. The girl, however, can not come.”</p>

      <p>“What?!” Virgo shouted.</p>

      <p>“You are a child,” Sirius rounded on her. “You will stay here and close the door after us. The monster must not be allowed out this way.</p>

      <p>Virgo opened her mouth to protest before a thought struck her. A devious thought. Hundreds of tunnels and passageways, spanning many dozens of miles, crisscrossed the space around the chamber and through the school like a web. The chance of anyone finding their way through them without parsel-tongue was next to zero.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>“Okay,” she said in the meek voice of a little girl, which instantly earned her a suspicious look thrown at her by Dumbledore. She’d probably over played that one a little.</p>

      <p>“Good,” said Lord Black. “Come on.”</p>

      <p>The lords and Dumbledore trooped into the passageway.</p>

      <p>§Close§ Virgo hissed as they walked deeper into blackness.</p>

      <p>The passageway ground shut</p>

      <p>But not, if she had any say in the matter, for long.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>The problem, Harry thought, as he continued to sprint down corridor after corridor on all fours with Luna on his back, was that the basilisk just could. Not. Be. Stopped!</p>

      <p>Every trap they’d set up. Every contrivance. Every device. They all barely did anything to so much as slow down the gigantic slithering monstrosity.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>And nothing that Luna could fire at the thing from his back was working either.</p>

      <p>At that rate they were going, it really would succeed in out-lasting the blinding solution and regaining it’s glare of death.</p>

      <p><span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span>Maybe they could coral it into a dead end?</p>

      <p>“Bulldozer,” Harry called out. “Is Shadow finished with Bones?”</p>

      <p>“Shadow isn’t responding!” Luna shouted back, sounding worried.</p>

      <p>Drat. Not good.</p>

      <p>The basilisk tripped one of the Weasley Twin’s portable swamps, and, being a giant fuck off snake, swum straight through it.</p>

      <p>Also not good.</p>

      <p>“If we could get in front of it, I could give it another go with the machine gun!” Luna shouted. “We still have lots of rounds left!”</p>

      <p>Harry shook his head. “Useless unless we can stop it healing! We need a way to get the Phoenix out of it’s stomach!”</p>

      <p>“What about a puking pastie?!” Luna shouted.</p>

      <p>“That… might actually work!”</p>

      <p>The basalisk crashed through a guillotined doorway, paying no heed as said guillotine simply bounced off the thick scales.</p>

      <p>“We need a place to corner it!” Harry bounded over the fallen blade and continued his headlong dash after the snake.</p>

      <p>“What about the Great Hall?!”</p>

      <p>“Too many exits!”</p>

      <p>“The dungeons?”</p>

      <p>“Too confining!”</p>

      <p>“The Astronomy tower?”</p>

      <p>“Too open!”</p>

      <p>“Gryffindor or Ravenclaw Tower?”</p>

      <p>The basalisk smashed its way through yet another ‘secret’ passageway, the supply of which, was being sorely tested.</p>

      <p>“Those are options!” Harry bellowed back. “Now we need a way to control it’s movement!”</p>

      <p>“What about Fiendfyre?”</p>

      <p>“I can’t cast it while transformed!”</p>

      <p>“I could try!”</p>

      <p>“Can you control it?!”</p>

      <p>“No! But you can!”</p>

      <p>The basalisk didn’t even slow down as it skimmed over a sea of caltraps the size of quaffles.</p>

      <p>“Okay!” Harry eventually shouted. “We’ll try it!”</p>

      <p>“Kay!”</p>

      <p>“Do it!”</p>

      <p>Behind him, Luna took in a massively huge breath and shouted, “MALUS IGNIS TOTALUS DIABOLUS!!!”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“Another dead end!”</p>

      <p>“Let’s try back that other way and then take the second left!”</p>

      <p>“Bad news. The second left isn’t there any more.”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s a right now.”</p>

      <p>“Damn it all! This is pointless!”</p>

      <p>Raised voices echoed up and down the Hogwarts Pipe Network, not even remotely close to the Chamber of Secrets.</p>

      <p>Sirius Black stormed up to the Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, who, against all expectations, had the good grace to at least look sheepish.</p>

      <p>“Dumbledore, you can gain at least some access to the wards, can’t you? Can’t you guide us?”</p>

      <p>In response, Dumbledore fished a bag of sherbet lemons out of a pocket. He sighed. “If I could, I would, Lord Black. It’s not access to the wards that’s the problem. It’s that we don’t have a parsel mouth with us. All the dead ends we’ve come across are clearly meant only for one of Salazars’ line to cross. I fear I had not anticipated just how extensive the Chamber’s passageways were.”</p>

      <p>“Then we need to go back and get the Malfoy girl,” said Jacob, arriving behind them.</p>

      <p>Dumbledore popped one of the sweets from his bag into mouth and chewed thoughtfully.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” he eventually said. “If we can find our way back.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>The inside of the headmaster’s office was absolutely still and quiet. Not even the sounds of battle from elsewhere in the castle filtered in, nor the summoning of literal demons into the mortal realm from where best left unsaid.</p>

      <p>That is, until the low sound of stone grinding on stone echoed up the passageway.</p>

      <p>Then came the sounds of two sets of footsteps and the panting breath of one set of lungs.</p>

      <p>Susan burst into the room, put her hands on her knees, and took in deep labored gulps of air. her whole body ached. Her heart hammered. She looked around and noticed that all the paintings—just like everywhere else in the castle—had been stilled. Even the massive poster of Headmaster Lockhart, hung up behind the desk, was frozen in place, looking down at her with what could only be described as a look of good-natured concussion.</p>

      <p>She’d never been in the headmaster’s office before.</p>

      <p>She’d never needed to be here.</p>

      <p>She looked around all the arcane devices that lined the many shelves — around the many dozens of ancient looking tomes —&#160;until her eyes landed on the small bag of floo powder sitting by the fire place.</p>

      <p>Susan trotted over to it.</p>

      <p>With this, she’d be able to open a path for the aurors. She should have told her aunt about everything that was going on ages ago. She’d let herself be carried along by John and Virgo. That wasn’t how the heiress of a noble house was supposed to act —&#160;least of all, one of her linage.</p>

      <p>She snatched up the bag of powder.</p>

      <p>No. Once this was over, she was going to tell her aunt everything. Everything about the basilisk. Everything about Virgo. And everything about Harry Potter —&#160;everything about Lord Slytherin.</p>

      <p>Yes, she’d get in massive trouble, but it had to be done.</p>

      <p>She should never have let things get this far.</p>

      <p>She turned to the empty fire place. “Violet, I need a fire.”</p>

      <p>Silence.</p>

      <p>“Violet?”</p>

      <p>Susan started to turn.</p>

      <p>As she did, something powerful shot straight at her! She didn’t have time to counter or even shout.</p>

      <p>The magic hit her straight in the chest. Her arms and legs snapped to her side. The bag of floo powder fell to the floor. Her body went as rigid as a wooden board.</p>

      <p>Susan started to fall. Before she could hit the ground, powerful levitation magic caught her in its firm grip. Lifting her back up, the magic fully turned her around, bringing her face to face with her assailant.</p>

      <p>Violet had her wand casually pointed at her, maintaining the floating spell on her now trapped body.</p>

      <p>“All in good time, Miss Bones,” Violet said, with a look on her face that Susan had never before seen,&#160;and which sent a chill down her spine. “But before you go calling in your regent, you and I need to sort out some small business.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>All across Magical Britain, thousands of wizards were glued to their wirelesses, waiting for news of just what was going on up at Hogwarts.</p>

      <p>At the Ministry of Magic, Amelia Bones desperately tried to keep things moving in the right direction while hundreds of ministry wizards fretted at not knowing what was happening with both their executive, over a quarter of their legislative body, as well as a not insubstantial chunk of their total citizenry.</p>

      <p>In Hogsmeade, a full half of all the Ministry’s active aurors stood ready by the floo at the Three Broomsticks.</p>

      <p>Out in the Duelling Arena, the crowd continued to cheer as Alex battled her last opponent.</p>

      <p>Deep below ground, the party of investigating wizards, led by Lord Black, was now trying to find its way back to the surface.</p>

      <p>Inside the Ravenclaw girl’s changing room in the quidditch stadium, Virgo Malfoy continued to watch the sealed exit to the Chamber, counting down the minutes.</p>

      <p>A small cloaked figure left the dueling arena, unseen, and unnoticed.</p>

      <p>Birds chirped and the grass rustled.</p>

      <p>Outside the castle —&#160;outside the arena —&#160;everything was still and calm.</p>

      <p>Inside the castle, literal hell reigned.</p>

      <p>The destruction wrought throughout the halls was monumental.</p>

      <p>Several stairways had been utterly smashed.</p>

      <p>A few hallways were now completely unusuable.</p>

      <p>Many more had their walls, floors, and ceilings fused from grey stone to black glass.</p>

      <p>Countless paintings had vanished.</p>

      <p>Debris lay everywhere.</p>

      <p>Up in the Headmaster’s Office, Susan, still floating completely immobile, stared at Violet in shock.</p>

      <p>“There is no need to look at me like that,” Violet said. “This will not take long. I just need to make sure you won’t be telling anyone about my being here. Or any of that other stuff I just pulled off. Deflecting an ancient basilisk’s strike with a mere magic shield? Breaking into the Headmaster’s office when Lord Slytherin just locked it down? I dare say that our astute Mister Potter would definitely take a little too much notice of something as out of place as that. And we can’t have that.”</p>

      <p>What?! Susan thought. What was she talking about?!</p>

      <p>“You know, your family has always unironically interested me,” Violet continued. “Well, I mean, of course. Any family that specializes in necromantic forms of divination is on my radar. I have a vested interest in Death, shall we say.”</p>

      <p>This isn’t Violet. The thought gripped Susan in a moment of dread. Both for what it meant for her position here, and for what it meant for the real one.</p>

      <p>“Now, I know what you’re thinking,” the fake Violet in front of her said. She squinted at Susan and sighed. With a flick of her wand, Susan suddenly found her mouth capable of speech again, even if every other part of her body was still locked in place.</p>

      <p>“Who are you?!” Susan demanded. “What have you done with Violet?”</p>

      <p>The Violet in front of her smiled. “That’s better. And done? Why, nothing. Violet Chesterfield as you know her, does not exist.”</p>

      <p>What?! That couldn’t be! John would have noticed! In the last time line—</p>

      <p>“The Chesterfield twins currently believe themselves to be the Martinez twins. They are first years at Beauxbatons Academy of Magic. Do not worry your vicious little head, my dear.”</p>

      <p>Susan was still very much worried. The wand pointed at her hadn’t budged an inch. And this person had explicitly said that they meant to silence her. She needed to buy time and learn more. “You still haven’t said who you are.”</p>

      <p>The Violet, who apparently had been Violet all along, laughed. “True. And I appologygse. I do have a bad habit of monologuing. My wife always says so.”</p>

      <p>Susan’s brain screeched to a halt. “Your wife?!”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Virgo silently counted down the final minute she’d given herself. Time to enact part two of her plan. The Chief Auror had given her the perfect excuse to rid herself of Dumbledore. Now she could infiltrate the castle alone.</p>

      <p>§Open!§</p>

      <p>The entrance to the chamber ground aside, again.</p>

      <p>She prepared to slither in. Hahaha.</p>

      <p>“Hi, there!” said a cheerful voice.</p>

      <p>Virgo nearly bit off her own tongue.</p>

      <p>She whirled around.</p>

      <p>“Oh my god. Your scales are beautiful!”</p>

      <p>Marigold Chesterfield.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“My wife,” Violet said, looking utterly unperturbed. “She’s had quite the holiday these recent months —&#160;swanning around the Hogwarts halls again. I think the high point for her was beating on your little soul fragment during dueling practice.” Violet smirked. “She does like to take pleasure in the little things. Not one to hold a grudge at all.”</p>

      <p>Susan’s heart skipped a beat. “You know about—“ She caught herself just in time — just in case Violet was only fishing. Unfortunately, it was not to be.</p>

      <p>Violet laughed. “Know about our dear Virgo Malfoy and the darker side of her past?”</p>

      <p>The way she said dear put Susan in mind of a scornful teacher on seeing a failing student.</p>

      <p>“Of course I know. And the same goes for our illustrious Lord Harry Potter and his additional serpentine surname. Do you honestly think that one such as I wouldn’t be able to know a soul fragment when I encounter one?”</p>

      <p>“I still don’t know who you are!”</p>

      <p>Susan continued to bob up and down. She’d slowly rotated and was now bobbing up and down, upside-down. It occurred to her that her communications mirror that let her talk instantly with her aunt was still in her pocket —&#160;had been in her pocket the whole time — and if she’d just used it when the basilisk first broke into the Room of Requirement, instead of also wanting to open the way for the aurors, she’d not be in this position now.</p>

      <p>Violet chuckled. “True enough, my dear. Not that it really matters anyway. I intend to modify your memories once we’re done here so it’s not as though any of this will matter.”</p>

      <p>What?! Not possible.</p>

      <p>“It’s not something I like to make a habit of. Reliance on such things can make one sloppy. And if there is one thing among many I cannot stand, it is sloppiness. Another reason why my wife and I took every opportunity to have our fun with your John this year. Though that was more my wife’s thing than mine.” Violet gave Susan another smirk. “Stealing my stone is one thing, but failing to steal it, is quite another.”</p>

      <p>Susan’s thoughts—which had been racing through all the horrible possibilities for what this unknown wizard might do once he found out he couldn’t memory charm her, because of the noble house ring she wore—screeched to a halt.</p>

      <p>“The stone?” Susan whispered. “The stone from last year? The philosophers’ stone? You are Nicholas Flamel?”</p>

      <p>Violet’s smirk grew wider.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“Why didn’t you tell anyone you could turn into a snake girl?”</p>

      <p>“I have my reasons.”</p>

      <p>“But this is so amazing!”</p>

      <p>“Be silent. This is not a place for idle chatter.”</p>

      <p><span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span>“You could give rides to all the other students!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not giving rides to anyone!” Virgo snapped.</p>

      <p>Marigold pouted. “Are you always this grumpy?”</p>

      <p>Virgo practically snarled. “I didn’t ask you to come with me!” The two witches were half way down one of the many tunnels on the way to the chamber. In truth, Virgo had meant to ditch the Hufflepuff muggle born at the first parsel tongue passageway, but the girl had proved remarkably sticky.</p>

      <p>Every bone in her body wanted to just stun the annoying chit and have done with it, but that would damage the reputation she was trying to build.</p>

      <p>Virgo took a deep breath to calm herself.</p>

      <p>At least this one hadn’t yet once uttered the phrase, ‘fuck toy.’</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Susan shook her head in denial. “You can’t be Nicholas Flamel,” she stated. “You can’t be. Nicholas Flamel is the Immortal Alchemist. The Watchful Eye. He doesn’t interfere with the affairs of mortal wizards.” Susan felt herself getting angry. “He didn’t intefer when Grindelwald was ravaging Europe. He didn’t intefer when You-Know-Who was taking over Magical Britain. Nicholas Flamel is less active than the Merlin-damned Lupins!”</p>

      <p>Violet’s eyes now posessised gleam — as though holding back a joke that no one but she would appreciate. “I’m not interfering now,” she—he? said. I’m just doing what I said I would do when Lord Harry Potter Slytherin extracted my stone from the mirror at the end of the last school year. I am watching. I am, after all, as you said, The Watchful Eye. I will only intefer if I believe it to be truly necessary.”</p>

      <p>“And this isn’t interfering now?!” Susan demanded.</p>

      <p>“What? Helping you get to the Headmaster’s office? You believe that to be unreasonable? If I hadn’t been where I was, you would have most certainly died.”</p>

      <p>Susan hesitated. That was true, wasn’t it?</p>

      <p>“Anyway.” Violet shrugged. “Enough monologuing. Time for you to forget this meeting and to forget I was ever here.”</p>

      <p>Susan felt the anger flow back. “You can’t memory charm me!” she practically shouted. “If you didn’t remember, I’m an heiress! I am noble! I wear a noble house ring! One that can not be removed by anyone, except me, under any circumstances, and only by me when I’m not being forced, and this would certainly count as forced! Even if you cut off all my fingers, it would still be there in magic!”</p>

      <p>She tried to wiggle the finger on which her noble house ring sat to give emphasis to her words, but like the rest of her, the petrification spell still held fast, and she still couldn’t so much as flex a toe.</p>

      <p>Violet waited in silence for the rant to end. Then, with very little ceremony, she reached out, placed her fingers around said ring, and, with no effort at all, slid it clean off.</p>

      <p>Susan went white.</p>

      <p>Her brain simply could not comprehend what had just happened. No. Just, no.</p>

      <p>Violet shrugged. “Don’t worry yourself, Susan. The mysteries of the Albion are known only to a few.”</p>

      <p>Susan had never felt so exposed, so vulnerable, in her entire life. It was as though she’d had all her clothes violently ripped from her body. Except her ring protected her mind. “Please,” she whispered.</p>

      <p>Violet placed her wand on Susan’s forehead. “Obliviate.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Virgo hissed at yet another portal heading towards the chamber. Yet again, doors of ancient magic unlocked in a wriggle of metallic snakes to open the passage beyond.</p>

      <p>“Come on,” Virgo hissed. She started to slither forward.</p>

      <p>After a few seconds, she realized that there was a distinct lack of something.</p>

      <p>That inane babbling chatter had ceased.</p>

      <p>“Chesterfield?” Virgo said, coiling around to look back the way she’d come.</p>

      <p>Her voice echoed.</p>

      <p>The pipe-way was empty.</p>

      <p>Virgo snorted. Good riddance.</p>

      <p>She was about to turn back again, when she realized that Marigold wasn’t the only thing missing.</p>

      <p>Her hands felt strangely empty.</p>

      <p>She stared at them in shock.</p>

      <p>“No.”</p>

      <p>Virgo instantly shifted back into her witch form to start frantically patting her robes — as though that would in any way help. It wouldn’t. She knew.</p>

      <p>“No! No! No!”</p>

      <p>Her wand had also vanished.</p>

      <p>“YOU MUDBLOOD WHORE! I’LL KILL YOU!”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“Heiress Alexandra Black wins!”</p>

      <p>The crowd went nuts.</p>

      <p>“Another clean sweep, my lords and ladies, wizards and witches! I don’t know about you all, but I can’t wait for the internationals when these phenoms grow up! Harry and John Potter, Virgo Malfoy, and now Alexandra Black! Watch out, Wizarding World, because Magical Britain is coming!!!”</p>

      <p>Next to Bagman, someone leaned in and spoke excitedly while the crowd continued to stamp and cheer.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>“Oh of course!” Bagman shouted after that man finished. “Can’t believe I almost forgot! Do we have Miss Weasley here?! Wouldn’t it be amazing to have our future quidditch star present the dueling tournament cup?! Yes, I think it would! Miss Weasley? Are you here? Come on up!”</p>

      <p>Up at the castle, in a passageway on the way to the Headmaster’s Office, hidden under the invisibility cloak, Ginny Weasley stirred.</p>

      <p>“Ughhhhh,” she muttered.</p>

      <p>Her whole mind felt like someone had stuffed it full of cotton wool.</p>

      <p>The young witch got one foot under her, tried to stand, and staggered.</p>

      <p>The map was on the floor in front of her</p>

      <p>She groped for it.</p>

      <p>She stared.</p>

      <p>Susan was no longer anywhere to be found.</p>

      <p>A cold feeling sank into her heart. That didn’t mean she was dead, did it?</p>

      <p>And what had even taken her out? She’d been in maximum stealth mode and everything.</p>

      <p>Groaning, Ginny fixed her ear mirror to her ear.</p>

      <p>“Shadow?! Shadow?!”</p>

      <p>It was Hermione’s voice, spoken in a panicked whisper.</p>

      <p>“Shadow here,” Ginny muttered.</p>

      <p>“They want you in the dueling arena!” Hermione continued. “They want you to present the cup!”</p>

      <p>Ginny groaned again. She was Harry’s secret weapon. The one witch in Harry’s inner circle not everyone was supposed to know was as badass as she actually was. Quidditch star was as far as it was supposed to go. Everyone knowing she’d been in the castle while the basilisk thing was going on would be awkward. “Well, I can’t leave the castle,” Ginny replied. “You know that. Just use my polyjuice and get up there.”</p>

      <p>“Oh!” Hermione said, sounding surprised, then flustered. “Oh, right. Yes. Yes, I can do that.”</p>

      <p>“Shadow!” came Luna’s squeal. “You’re safe!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” Ginny replied. “Something took me out. No idea what. But I’m fine now. And Susan’s vanished. Is the basilisk down yet?”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Dumbledore frowned as they marched straight into yet another dead end.</p>

      <p>“Maybe we could try the old ball of string trick,” suggested Lord Greengrass.</p>

      <p>Dumbledore sighed. “If this is indeed an intentional final defense against someone without parseltongue finding their way into the pipe network, I<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>fear that Salazzar would have thought of that trick.”</p>

      <p>“Pity,” said Xenophilous. “Then we just have to wait for Lord Slytherin to pull us out. That or your Miss Malfoy. Bet you’re feeling a right old ninny now, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Crouched under the invisibility cloak, Ginny listened with rapped attention while Luna reported the situation.</p>

      <p>“Fiend fire is working to corral it, but if it gets too close, the basilisk can still kill it with a bite. Though it does seem to cause a lot of pain. I don’t like that, but it will not let us just kill it. Not a single spell we have tried works — it is just too big —&#160;not even the imperious curse. The mouth is clearly its weak spot —&#160;we killed it the first time with a baliska bolt, but now its refusing to open its mouth for anything except fiend fire and that won’t work because the demons destroy anything that gets close. That and we are out of bolts. Harry’s pretty sword also works, but we need an already open wound and the phoenix keeps healing it. If we could get it to eat a puking pasty, that’s probably our best bet, but nothing we try is working. Not even transfigured bait. It knows its fake.”</p>

      <p>Ginny’s eyes narrowed. An idea lodged in her brain. Her heart sped up at the mere thought of it.</p>

      <p>“Well, whatever you’re going to do, you need to do it quickly,” Daphne said. “The tournament’s over now and people are going to start getting angsty if they’re trapped too long.”</p>

      <p>Ginny came a decision. Adrenaline pumped through her blood. Her fingers tingled. With a sudden jerk she started running. After all, she thought, the only reason Harry forbade her from joining the fight was because she couldn’t fight blindfolded. And from what she understood, that was no longer a problem.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Amelia Bone's head reappeared back in the floo after being away for some minutes. “Done. I’ve sent the word to the strike team in Hogsmeade. Hang tight and stay out of their way.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Aunty,” Susan replied.</p>

      <p>There was a flash of green fire and the head of the DMLE vanished from view again.</p>

      <p>Susan collapsed down to the floor and breathed in deeply.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>She’d been memory wiped.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>There was a block in her mind. She could feel it if she concentrated her occlumency in just the right way. She had no idea what had happened that would have convinced her to accept an obliviation, but that was also irrelevant. If there was one thing noble children had hammered into them from the first moment they could summon their rings, it was this… if you had a memory block, you did not tamper with it. You had no idea what you’d done before. You might have signed contracts. Those contracts could have penalty clauses for removing the blocks. More than one noble family had been reduced to destitution by such a mistake.</p>

      <p>Ultimately, you just had to trust yourself.</p>

      <p>Susan watched the floo from which fully armed aurors would soon be pouring.</p>

      <p>After all, she thought, being forced, or even coerced, into removing your noble house ring, was, as everyone knew, impossible.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Shackle-bolt marched into the main drinking space in The Three Broomsticks, which, for once, was free of both drinks and the usual local clientele. What it was full of instead was sixteen heavily armoured wizards and witches. Massive iron shields lay against table legs. All manner of magical equipment sat around unpacked on tables and on the bar.</p>

      <p>“Aurors!” Shackle-bolt barked. “We have positive confirmation that a mature basilisk and a Chimera with serpentine elements have been spotted fighting within the walls of Hogwarts. Our primary objective is to scout, kill, or trap both. If Fate blesses us, they’ll have worn each other out by the time we get there. If none of that is possible, a contingent of one hundred from Control of Magical Creatures is arriving in thirty minutes. Our priority would then be to ensure that neither leaves the walls until a containment ward can be set up. We’re also to look for opportunities to extract a first-year female student that was spotted in the combat zone. Susan’s in there as well, hopefully keeping her head down by the floo. We’re assuming that at least one of the two monsters may be an agent of Lord Slytherin, but take nothing for granted. Standard 5X engagement rules apply.”</p>

      <p>A few nodded. Some exchanged glances. None smiled.</p>

      <p>“Gear up!”</p>

      <p>As one, every auror whipped out and donned a pair of wrap-around sunglasses before fixing goblin-silver spear tips to spear-like broom shafts with fluid, well-practiced motions. With a deep bellow of “UP!”, every broom leaped from its wielder’s hand like it had gone rogue before settling down, hovering vertical a foot from the ground.</p>

      <p>“Move out!”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“Hiisss!!!!”</p>

      <p>“Roooaarrrr!!!”</p>

      <p>“ROAAAARRRRRR!!!!”</p>

      <p>In Ravenclaw Tower, three monsters faced off. The basilisk lay coiled tightly right in the very corner of the common room, its massive form backed up as far as it could go.</p>

      <p>Before it, stood Chimera!Harry and T-Rex!Luna, the former standing tall and ferious, the later… barely standing at all. Ravenclaw tower, even with all the space expansion charms, was not the best place for such a confrontation. But it was the best they’d managed with the hand they’d been dealt<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>And now they stood, staring each other down. Neither side willing to engage, but also either incapable or unwilling to retreat.</p>

      <p>“We must find a way to end this,” growled Harry in English. “Or we could be in trouble.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>The aurors came.</p>

      <p>They burst from the floo like an unending stream, wizard after wizard, until all had arrived.</p>

      <p>“Kingsley!” exclaimed Susan from under the table.</p>

      <p>“Susan,” Shackle-bolt acknowledged. “Good job holding the floo. Now go. Your aunt wants you with her.”</p>

      <p>Susan nodded.</p>

      <p>The aurors swept out of the headmaster’s office and down the spiral staircase.</p>

      <p>They fanned out into the corridor, bayonetted broomsticks whirling around their forms, directed by thought and intent, wands covering every corner, iron shields lined up against any threat.</p>

      <p>“Anything?” Shacklebolt asked Madeye.</p>

      <p>“Nothing,” the old auror replied, eye whirling around inside his skull.</p>

      <p>A distant roar shook the castle.</p>

      <p>“Ravenclaw Tower,” snapped one of the aurors.</p>

      <p>“Go!” Kingsley ordered.</p>

      <p>The aruors stormed up the corridor, turned down a secret passageway, winded their way through several more, and reached the intersection between the Great Hall and the Grand Staircase.</p>

      <p>“Stop!”<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>The aurors all skidded to a halt.</p>

      <p>“Traps!” Madeye shouted.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>“Magical Merlin,” Shacklebolt whispered. The formerly rough stone walls of the castle had been melted into black glass. A trail of utter destruction fanned out down every corridor.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>“Looks like Slytherin really made a go of it,” muttered Savage.</p>

      <p>“Any left active?” Shacklebolt asked.</p>

      <p>“None so far,” said an auror with short white hair.</p>

      <p>“Found one!” said another. There was an intake of breath. “Over-powered runic feezing charm on a trigger. Nasty little thing. Anti-snake, maybe?”</p>

      <p>Shacklebolt nodded. “Maybe.”</p>

      <p>From far above their heads, another wall-shaking roar vibrated through their bones.</p>

      <p><span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span>“Alright! We can’t hang around any more,” Shacklebolt declared. “Traps or no traps. Move with caution! Sweep floors, walls, and ceilings. If we find something we can’t pass, we find another route. Go!”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Faster, Ginny thought, sprinting through the castle at max speed. Faster! Faster! Faster!</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“Another dead end!” Jacob called.</p>

      <p>Dumbledore chuckled darkly. This had to be the first time that he’d ever found himself wishing for Tom’s actual presence.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Virgo slithered out of one of the many entrances to the chamber. Finally, she was inside the castle! Wandless, yes, but still, success! Now all she had to do was find the basilisk and then—</p>

      <p>“CONTACT!”</p>

      <p>Virgo’s head snapped around.</p>

      <p>The sight of a dozen spells heading her way, all of which felt powerful enough to take out a fully grown bicorn, produced an instinctual reaction. For months, she’d been living on a hair’s trigger, fully expecting another assassination attempt. It was for this reason that she’d never taken off the portkey given to her by John Potter all those months ago.</p>

      <p>“LIGHTSAFE!”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>In the Hogwarts infirmary, a row of petrified wizards and witches lay in neatly-made beds, neither asleep, nor awake.</p>

      <p>There was the sound like a hole being wrent in the universe and a red and gold lamia fell onto the flagstones with a loud “Oww!”</p>

      <p>Seconds later, a young girl with piercing cold eyes, dressed in full dragon hide dueling robes stood up where the lamia had been.</p>

      <p>She sweapt to the doors and tried to physically open them, but they didn’t budge. Like the rest of the castle, the infirmary was in complete lock down.</p>

      <p>Virgo screamed.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>The roars ahead grew ever loader the nearer she got. Ginny sprinted up the stairs of Ravenclaw Tower three at a time, knowing that at the end of this climb lay the beast that had been responsible for her own death in the last timeline. But she was not the same scared little witch that John Potter had condemned to possession. Her heart beat wildly. She was a killer. She had been trained to kill.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>Ginny bolted past the destroyed portal into the Ravenclaw common room to find three monsters facing each other down.</p>

      <p>“Pastie!” Ginny screamed.</p>

      <p>“Ginny!” roared Chimera-Harry.</p>

      <p>The Tyranasourus Rex changed.</p>

      <p>A puking pastie sailed through the space towards her.</p>

      <p>Ginny snatched it out of the air and ran forward. She had only one try to get this right, assuming the basilisk would take the bait at all.</p>

      <p>The Basilisk loomed. It stared right down at her.</p>

      <p>Ginny could count her own heart beats.</p>

      <p>One. Ginny dug into her pocket and produced a silver sickle, indistinguishable from any other, save for a slight alteration of the wording on the face.</p>

      <p>Two. She crouched down low to avoid a swipe of the tail and flung both the sickle and the pastie high up into the air above the snake’s head.</p>

      <p>Three. Ginny fired three spells in quick succession. With her wand, she fired a sticking spell at the pastie. With her free hand, she fired a finite incantatum at the sickle. As the finite was half way to its target, she followed that up with a self-switching spell.</p>

      <p>Four. Five. Six. The sticking spell splatted against the pastie, carrying it further and adhering it clean to the ceiling. The sickle changed and a cloud of dandelion seeds exploded out in all directions. The self switching spell connected with one of the floating seeds and Ginny felt the switch begin.</p>

      <p>Seven. Ginny appeared in mid air far above the basilisk.</p>

      <p>She just had time to look down at the snake’s head before she began to fall and the basilisk began to tilt its head up.</p>

      <p>Eight. She watched the basilisk snap it’s mouth open. Rows of pointed fangs, dripped with the most dangerous venom known to wizard-kind. A coiled tongue as long as she stood tall rested in its jaws. A gullet like a pit into hell promised death and digestion if she messed this up. Ginny fired the most physically powerful spell she knew to her side, flipping her over, back to her fate.</p>

      <p>Nine. Ginny fired another switching spell. She curled up into a ball and waited, long red hair streaming before her.</p>

      <p>Snap!</p>

      <p>Darkness.</p>

      <p>Ten.</p>

      <p>No teeth pierced her skin.</p>

      <p>Her hands landed on moist flesh.</p>

      <p>No waiting even a moment, powerful muscles dragged her backwards towards the beast’s gullet, and certain death.</p>

      <p>For a moment, Ginny panicked.</p>

      <p>Then she felt it.</p>

      <p>Eleven.</p>

      <p>The pull of the switching spell caught her. She accepted it’s power more gratefully then she’d ever accepted a switching spell before.</p>

      <p>The world flipped and she was once again in open air.</p>

      <p>…open air, but still right above the basilisk.</p>

      <p>She started to fall.</p>

      <p>Again.</p>

      <p>Ginny’s mind raced.</p>

      <p>She immediately flung out her arm and cast another switching spell on one of the dandelions that still floating in the cloud of white seeds.</p>

      <p>She fell trough the cloud. Puffs of white went everywhere.</p>

      <p>The spell caught.</p>

      <p>She switched again, higher this time, but still falling.</p>

      <p>And faster.</p>

      <p>And faster.</p>

      <p>The snake below her snapped open its mouth again.</p>

      <p>This time, Ginny did panic.</p>

      <p>But before the same pattern of falling and switching could begin again, he was there. Just as he always was.</p>

      <p>Harry caught her as she fell, softening the impact, and flashing past the snake’s jaws that tried to snap down on them before they were out of strike range.</p>

      <p>He carried her like a bride to the edge of the common room and landed gently back on floor.</p>

      <p>Ginny didn’t want to move from where she was now pressed up against his chest, but knew she had to.</p>

      <p>“Good work,” Harry said, planting her back on the floor. He tilted her chin up to look at him. “But don’t ever try that again, okay?”</p>

      <p>Ginny felt a heat on her cheeks that had nothing to do with physical exertion. She nodded.</p>

      <p>Then, from behind her, came a noise like a potions factory going critical through the digestive system of a bicorn.</p>

      <p>The basilisk, which hadn’t moved since snapping at her and Harry, was slowly turning a paler shade of sickly green.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Harry carefully watched the basilisk go through a series of facial expressions that had no place existing on any snake, let alone one so large and deadly.</p>

      <p>They were almost comical.</p>

      <p>He stepped around Ginny with purposeful steps, positioning her behind him, and drew his goblin silver sword.</p>

      <p>The edge of his mouth curled upwards as a particularly loud gurgle sounded from the belly of the beast.</p>

      <p>“That’s right,” he half-whispered. “Give us the Phoenix. Out with it. Like a good little snake.”</p>

      <p>“Is basilisk vomit as dangerous as basilisk venom?” Ginny asked from behind him.</p>

      <p>Luna answered the question. “Basilisk stomach acid is powerful, but not outrageously so. It can not digest bone, for example. But I do not think wizards have ever tested the acid from a basilisk as old as this.”</p>

      <p>The stomach noises slowly started to get louder.</p>

      <p>Harry readied himself. “Either way, I think we’re about to find out.” He let his wand slide into his free hand.</p>

      <p>The snake bent its neck sharply up and down, as though it’s body was one large cramp.</p>

      <p>Then, it made an ear-splitting keening noise, opened its mouth, and something exploded out from it.</p>

      <p>But it was not liquid. Not liquid, per say.</p>

      <p>It looked like damp blank sand.</p>

      <p>Harry frowned.</p>

      <p>Another cramp, another ear-splitting keening, and another deposit of the wet blank sand smacked down in front of the beast on top of the first load. Together, the two<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>started to form a pile.</p>

      <p>“What is that?” Ginny asked.</p>

      <p>“It’s odd,” Luna said.</p>

      <p>Harry leaned closer. It was almost like…</p>

      <p>His eyes widened.</p>

      <p>A frantic look to the side showed that Luna had reached exactly the same conclusion that he had at exactly the same time.</p>

      <p>“GET BACK!” Harry shouted.</p>

      <p>Not waiting for a reply, he leaped backwards, catching Ginny as he went and pulling her the several meters to the common room door with him.</p>

      <p>Luna joined them a second later.</p>

      <p>“What IS it?!” Ginny asked again.</p>

      <p>Another cramp, another keening, another deposit.</p>

      <p>“Pheonix ash!” Luna gasped out. “Cauldrons of it!”</p>

      <p>Now Ginny’s eyes widened too.</p>

      <p>“And covered in basilisk acid!” Harry added. “We used a lot less than what’s there already for the ritual and that trapped us in an alternate dream space for over a year and a half!”</p>

      <p>“And there’s more coming,” Luna added, her voice now taking on a hint of awe as a fifth hacked-up deposit was made. “No wonder the poor thing was in such a bad mood.”</p>

      <p>“And I’m guessing we can’t just ignore it, or?” Ginny asked.</p>

      <p>Harry shook his head. “That much ash in a situation like this? It’s a quite literal time bomb. We need to wait for it to finish, then hope to Merlin we can move it away before—“</p>

      <p>There was a sound like a drain being unclogged, a seventh—or was it eighth—hack, and a medium-sized thing shot from the basilisk’s jaws and right into the damp ash.</p>

      <p>Ginny and Luna both gasped.</p>

      <p>Harry’s mouth became a thin line.</p>

      <p>The thing constantly shifted form. It mutated and shrunk, beaks and feathers growing at weird angles. An extra taloned leg jutted from the small of its back.</p>

      <p>Feathers detached and fell away, only to be replaced by new ones. Patches of skin showed through, cyst-covered and raw.</p>

      <p>But the most shocking thing, was it’s eyes. Damp ash oozed from twin black orbs in a slow constant stream like flowing magma.</p>

      <p>Fawkes let out a pain-filled song note.</p>

      <p>Right before Harry’s eyes, in the rich oxygen-filled air of the Ravenclaw Common Room, the pheonix started to burn.“SHIELDS!”<a id="jan-24"></a></p>

      <p>The pile of ash erupted.</p>

      <p>There was no plan for this, no pre-arranged training. At no point had Harry ever sat Luna and Ginny down and said, “Alright, girls. If ever we’re caught in the middle of a detonating pile of Phoenix ash triggered by a mutated rebirthing fire chicken, you, Luna, will cast a physical shield, you, Ginny, will cast a shield for magic defense, and I’ll handle the heat.” There was no plan like that.</p>

      <p>Nevertheless, three wands instantly raised, and three magic shields instantly snapped into being, one physical, one magical, and one heat. Concentrated and powerful, they overlapped perfectly, giving the three standing behind them, Luna and Ginny pressed up on Harry’s sides, all the protection they needed.</p>

      <p><em>Almost</em>.</p>

      <p>Luna apparently decided that what Harry really needed to finish off his perfect defense was a blindfold.</p>

      <p>Harry <em>heard</em> the silence as the first blinding flash expanded over them, and <em>tasted</em> the magic smash against the shields. He <em>felt</em> the air rush against his skin and the heat scorch the room to char.</p>

      <p>For the briefest moment, he felt nothing else as time seemed to turn to treacle.</p>

      <p>Then, all at once, the sound returned —&#160;loud and in charge.</p>

      <p>Harry wiped the chest wrap off his face to find the common room utterly destroyed, on fire, and both Luna and Ginny kneeling beside him in obvious pain, their hands clasped to their faces as though trying to dig the light out of their eyes.</p>

      <p>And before him, in the middle of the room, the mutated Phoenix rose.</p>

      <p>Slowly, Fawkes climbed into the air, changing in pulses as he went. More feathers slothed off. Beaks grew, then shrank, then grew again. Wings appeared in places they had no business being, before contracting back in on themselves. But with each pulse, the mutations became less, and the original Pheonix became more.</p>

      <p>The clues came together and Harry realized what was he was seeing. The damn thing was actually going backwards in time. That was how the Phenoix rebirth thing <em>worked</em>.</p>

      <p>He reached down with his free hand to comfort Luna and got a whimper and a desperate death grip on his forearm in return.</p>

      <p>Harry watched with cautious eyes as the Phoenix began a rapid series of transformations, from mutant to chick, from mutant to chick, again and again and again, faster and faster, before a final burst of flames eminated, Harry got the briefest glimps of a restored adult bird, the flames consumed it utterly, and the next moment, it was simply gone.<a id="jan-27"></a></p>

      <p>Harry stared.</p>

      <p>The massive pile of phoenix ash on the floor was now gone, vanished as though it had never been.</p>

      <p>The basalisk writhed in pain, the front half of it’s head and body almost charred black. But even as he watched, the burn marks were healing, creeping up its neck, leaving pristine scales behind.</p>

      <p>The rate of healing was slowing down though.</p>

      <p>Harry put his hand on his sword handel and whipped it from its scabbard in one smooth motion.</p>

      <p>Determined, he walked forward.</p>

      <p>Each step of his feet sounded like canon strikes to his ears.</p>

      <p>The sound of the basilisk writhing in pain faded from his consiousness, as did the still burning fires.</p>

      <p>The beast’s writhing seemed to slow.</p>

      <p>It contorted again.</p>

      <p>Clearly it wasn’t quite done throwing up yet.</p>

      <p>Fine.</p>

      <p>Harry finished the final steps to the snake just as it opened it’s mouth widely again, ready to spew forth whatever might be left in its stomach.</p>

      <p>Harry lunged.</p>

      <p>His feet left the ground.</p>

      <p>His flight sailed true.</p>

      <p>His blade found flesh.</p>

      <p>The snake juddered as his sword sunk home.</p>

      <p>All in an instant, the world sped back up. Harry felt warm liquid splatter on his face as the top half of the head of the basalisk sliced clean in two from snout to neck. A literal spray of basalisk blood shot upwards like a sticky mohawk before it hit the roof of the common room, leaving a wet and dripping red line.</p>

      <p>For a moment, the snake didn’t seem sure what had just happened. It just stayed there, still, with Harry’s blade lodged in the mouth of its jaw. Then Harry felt the gravity assert its claim on the massive weight. The ancient monster of Slytherin, possibly the single most dangerous creature in the wizarding world, the the guardian of the school, fell. Harry flew back.</p>

      <p>The basalilsk smacked onto the floor at his feet with an almighty thud that shook the stone walls of the room. Dead.<a id="feb-6"></a></p>

      <p>“And we’re done,” Harry announced, wiping the blade on his robes. “If we’re quick, we can get this down into the chamber, and Alex may get her basilisk inferi. Not to mention all the other goodies we can snag from the kill.”</p>

      <p>“Finders keepers,” sang Luna wandering over.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>Both her and Ginny seemed to have recovered somewhat from the light, though Ginny still wore the expression of a witch emerging from a pitch-dark cave into a mid-day sun. She cautiously inspected the gigantic serpent which had to weight dozens of tonnes. “Big Monster time?” she guessed.</p>

      <p>Harry nodded. “Big monster time.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“I really need to start exercising more,” Hermione muttered as both she and Alex descended the stairs from the announcer’s box back towards the Slytherin dug out. “Ginny’s body is so much easier to move in. The girl feels like a rubber ball.”</p>

      <p>Alex grinned. She’d been grinning for quite a while now. The dueling trophy still rested in her hands, high above her head. “But if you stopped reading so much and started getting all athletic and stuff, who’d be our team’s designated massive nerd?”</p>

      <p>Hermione snorted. “You, probably. Don’t think I don’t know about your Boy-Who-Lived adventure collection.”</p>

      <p>Alex spluttered wildly before choosing to ignore the comment in favor of basking in more trophy glory.</p>

      <p>As they reached the dugout, the cheering and clapping died down and all around them, spectators started looking around speculatively.</p>

      <p>“Now what?” Alex whispered.</p>

      <p>Hermione covertly slipped her earpiece back on.</p>

      <p>“Bookworm, this is Eagle Eyes,” Daphne’s voice said, almost immediately. She must be watching from a nearby perch. “Snake-Crown has achieved the primary objective. He’s currently securing the kill.”</p>

      <p>Hermione let out a deep breath. She turned to Alex. “He did it.”</p>

      <p>Alex gave the air a little fist pump. That done, she addressed the next most important matter. “So, now we just wait?”</p>

      <p>Hermione nodded. “The most difficult part is over. Once he’s secured the kill and made the school safe again, there will be no reason to stay in lock down.”</p>

      <p>On the far side of the arena, Ludo Bagman cleared his throat so everyone could hear him, presumably about to ask everyone to have patience and that they were doing what they could to speed up proceedings.</p>

      <p>Hermione smiled. “I’d say that went pretty well.”</p>

      <p>#<a id="feb-8"></a></p>

      <p>“That looks heavy.”<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>Ginny watched the her best friend and Harry slowly drag the massive snake corpse across the Ravenclaw common room, leaving a trail of black blood as they went. The task clearly wasn’t easy, even for a T-Rex and a Chimera.</p>

      <p>Ginny bit her lip.</p>

      <p>They’d done it.</p>

      <p>They’d really taken down the basilisk. And that, even when it turned out to be self-healing.</p>

      <p>In another time, this thing was responsible for her death. She couldn’t help wonder how it had happened. It was an image she’d been imagining for years now. Had it been quick? A simple glance into instant death? Had she been poisoned, screaming on the floor in agony as her life spasmed away? Crushed? Squeezed? Swallowed whole?</p>

      <p>They’d done it.</p>

      <p>Ginny grinned. She’d done it.</p>

      <p>And now, Harry would reap the rewards.</p>

      <p>A thought hit her, instantly dousing her moment of triumph.</p>

      <p>Bones.</p>

      <p>Her heart fell.</p>

      <p>The Hufflepuff hadn’t been on the map the last time she’d checked.</p>

      <p>She stared for a second as Chimera-Harry grunted, shoving his shoulder with maximum effort into the side of the dead snake while Luna pulled on it’s tail.</p>

      <p>Maybe she’d just missed her in the excitement? Maybe the witch had just ducked into a secret passageway and appeared on the other side of the castle without Ginny noticing.</p>

      <p>Yeah, that had to be it. Or something. The snake hadn’t been anywhere near either of them! There was no way Susan could be dead.</p>

      <p>Ginny reached for the Marauder’s map hastily shoved into a pocket.</p>

      <p>Her fingers closed around it.</p>

      <p>She pulled it out.</p>

      <p>And that was as far as she got.</p>

      <p>Phoenix fire flared</p>

      <p>Ginny’s head jerked around.</p>

      <p>Albus Dumbledore appeared between them in a blaze of magical fire, wand out, radiating more power than Ginny had ever felt from anyone, ever.</p>

      <p>Luna was nearest.</p>

      <p>She roared.</p>

      <p>#<a id="feb-11"></a></p>

      <p>Dumbledore had been ready for anything. An ongoing pitched battle with Slytherin’s Monster, perhaps. Maybe Harry Potter in the process of permanently subverting Hogwarts’ defenses. Or possibly, Lord Slytherin facing down his own protege in a climactic battle to the death, as the living horcrux attempted to seize control of the monster that Slytherin wished to destroy.</p>

      <p>Dumbledore though he had been ready for anything. He hadn’t been ready for a long extinct land dragon, so large it had to squat and with teeth the size of daggers, roaring right at him.</p>

      <p>His magic reacted with barely a prompting thought needed. A powerful magical blast rocked the floor below him, producing a small crater and sending broken flag stones flying into the air around him.</p>

      <p>A flick of the elder wand and the flying rubble transformed in three flying halberds.</p>

      <p>They shot towards the monster with barely a mental commanded needed.</p>

      <p>In the split-second the halberds were in en-route, Dumbledore took stock.</p>

      <p>The Ravenclaw Common room was utterly destroyed. A humungous snake almost as large as the Hogwarts Express lay unmoving to one side, confirming Tom’s story about the basilisk.</p>

      <p>That was all he saw, until something that made his blood run cold leaped over the land dragon’s head and planted itself right in the path of his attack.</p>

      <p>The halberd’s pointy bits all struck the creature, and nothing happened.</p>

      <p>Nemean Lion.</p>

      <p>Dumbledore’s brain updated with more details a milli second later</p>

      <p>Nemean Lion-Hydra hybrid. A chimera.</p>

      <p>Not good.</p>

      <p>The chimera roared.</p>

      <p>Dumbledore shouted. “Fawkes!”</p>

      <p>He felt comforting flames surround him and his point of view changed to the other side of the common room, behind the monsters.</p>

      <p>He snapped his wrist, producing a flame whip from the elder wand.</p>

      <p>The land dragon whipped around, causing the whole room to shake. The chimera jumped on its head and together the two monsters roared again. The chimera’s muscles bunched. No doubt it could easily cover the distance between them in just one leap.</p>

      <p>Dumbledores eyes flicked to the gigantic basilisk. It was very much dead. There was no sign of Harry Potter or Lord Slytherin. The castle was still safely in lock down.</p>

      <p>…maybe retreating for the moment would be a better idea.</p>

      <p>But before he could so much as give a mental command to his newly restored familiar, something sailed into the room from the doorway in a lazy arc, passing right over all their heads. It was small and black, and Dumbledore recognized it immediately. He should, because he supplied the primary raw ingredient to have them made.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, he didn’t have time to put on his sunglasses.</p>

      <p>#<a id="may-6"></a></p>

      <p>Harry’s world exploded. Light brighter than anything he’d ever experienced before seared every one of his many dozens of eyeballs.</p>

      <p>Instinctively, he flinched down.</p>

      <p>“GOGOGOGO!” Someone shouted.</p>

      <p>Footsteps. Dozens of them.</p>

      <p>If he changed, he’d be at their mercy.</p>

      <p>He didn’t change.</p>

      <p>“FREEZE!” Someone else yelled.</p>

      <p>He felt the magic of over a dozen spells forming, and recognized many of them as belonging to the aurors.</p>

      <p>Crap.</p>

      <p>Then he felt the spears. They jabbed into his side, trying and failing to pierce. That he could do something about.</p>

      <p>Whirling around, he batted away one spear, grabbed another with his jaws, wrenching it free and snapping it in two, and flicked another two away with his thestral tail.</p>

      <p>The attacks stopped.</p>

      <p>“Careful!” another of the aurors shouted.</p>

      <p>The snakes of Harry’s mane hissed warnings to all not to get close.</p>

      <p>Nothing further happened.</p>

      <p>Slowly, his vision started to return. Clearly, the phoenix ash flashbangs were not nearly as potent as the mountain they’d just encountered.</p>

      <p>Blinking away stars, Harry was greeted by a dozen goblin-silver tipped broom-spears all aimed at him from all sides. Their owners held them with steel-like grips and every auror looked grim.</p>

      <p>Without moving his head, several of his snakes surveyed the scene behind and to his sides.</p>

      <p>Dumbledore stood before them, next to one of the aurors, his wand out and also pointed at him.</p>

      <p>And on Harry’s side, stood Luna. In her human form. Surrounded by three aurors with wands drawn and spears floating, all pointing at directly at her. The skirt of her robes was stained with blood.</p>

      <p>Of Ginny, there was no sign.</p>

      <p>The room was completely silent.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry,” Luna whispered. “Those spears hurt.”</p>

      <p>Harry growled, and this time, there could be no doubt that this was not just a warning. He memorized their faces. He would make those three pay.</p>

      <p>Clearly, something in his stance had changed enough to cause alarm. The aurors surrounding him took a step backwards.</p>

      <p>“Wait!” shouted one of the aurors.</p>

      <p>Harry saw it was Shacklebolt who had called out. Lord Black’s auror partner.</p>

      <p>Harry tried to calm. He consciously brought his oclumency in on himself. Taking down the snake. Dumbledore bursting in on them. Then the aurors. He was better than this. He had to control himself. All of himself. He could deal vengeance for Luna later. The fact that the aurors in question couldn’t have known it was his Luna in the form of an ancient predator was, to be fair, a mitigating circumstance. On the other hand, to hells with fair.</p>

      <p>Harry took a hundred tiny breaths into his central lungs and one large deep one.</p>

      <p>Shacklebolt stepped forward. Like the others, he too held his wand pointing right at him with his spear floating beside.</p>

      <p>“Oh, great predator of myth and lore,” he started, sounding like he was reading from a script. “We have seen your magnificence and respect your power. I am High-Warrior Shacklebolt, commander of the elite aurors of the Albion’s Ministry of Magic, led by High-Warlord Fudge the Terrible and the Mighty, by whose word a million warriors of magic and steel take to the sky to crush even the indestructible Nundu underfoot like bugs. Even as we speak, an army of fifty-thousand witches and warlocks approaches the gates of Hogwarts, undefeatable, unstoppable, capable of raising the castle to the bedrock in the blink of an eye. Whatever deal you may have cut with Lord Slytherin is irrelevant. He is not master of these lands! But we would not see such a great predator as yourself humbled by his duplicity. Such a thing would be a crime against nature, for one such as yourself, noble and royal of all the beasts. You will be given an island off the coast to rule over. As king! As is your right. Just speak you will come with us, and we will make it so, oh great predator.”</p>

      <p>There was a long moment of silence before Shacklebolt spoke again.</p>

      <p>“Unless, of course, you are an animagus as well. In which case, I <em>highly</em> recommend you to declare yourself <em>immediately</em>.”</p>

      <p>Harry grunted. He’d been hoping to keep this particular secret under wraps for a little while longer than this. But it was better than the alternative. At least he would get to see Dumbledore’s face as one of the most dangerous magical creatures in the world transformed into Harry Potter.</p>

      <p>Heh heh.</p>

      <p>Harry locked eyes with the former headmaster.</p>

      <p>And changed.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>Hiding under the invisibility cloak, Ginny couldn’t help but grin. The look on Dumbledore’s face had been utterly delicious. The shock. The horror. The scrabbling to try to take back control of a situation that had clearly spiralled so far out of his control and then utterly failing.</p>

      <p>He’d been relegated to taxi duty. Heading back into the pipes to fetch Daphne, Alex,&#160;and Luna’s fathers.</p>

      <p>That last one in particular wasn’t helping him get much of a grip back on proceedings.</p>

      <p>Lord Lovegood had not been amused to find three aurors holding his daughter at wand point and the fact that he was flanked by their boss only made it worse.</p>

      <p>Not that team Harry had everything going their way. The matter of the basilisk in particular was proving to be quite difficult.</p>

      <p>Words that Ginny more normally heard coming out of Daphne’s mouth, like, “Right of Conquest”, “Eminent Domain,” and “Controlled Substances”, were flying around fast and thick, often with rising voices and flared tempers.</p>

      <p>And in the middle of it all, sat Harry, cross-legged on the floor with his hands behind his back, like some kind of criminal. He had two aurors guarding him.</p>

      <p>Harry’s fate was the least unambiguous of all the matters being argued.</p>

      <p>Despite Lord Black’s desire to take personal responsibility for him, there was only one legal option open to them, as his partner Shacklebolt had pointed out.</p>

      <p>Harry was to be handed over to Lord Potter, just as soon as he arrived.</p>

      <p>With Dumbledore’s phoenix now back in play, even with the war wards still active, that wouldn’t be all that long.</p>

      <p>Well, to hell with that.</p>

      <p>Ginny fingered the portkey on the necklace still hidden under her robes.</p>

      <p>She’d had to wait until the Aurors had shifted away from Harry enough to have this opportunity.</p>

      <p>Slowly, cautiously, taking care to make neither sound nor magic, Ginny crept towards where Harry sat with his guards.</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you,” Lord Greengrass said in a raised voice. “Lord Slytherin will be here soon!”</p>

      <p>“Well, if he’s not here in the next ten minutes then I don’t care what he has to say!” Shouted back Amelia Bones, who’d arrived not long after the castle had been declared clear. “He should have told us!”</p>

      <p>“He did!”</p>

      <p>Ginny ghosted past the auror nearest Harry and arrived at his back. She slipped the necklace off herself and reached under the hem of the invisibility cloak.</p>

      <p>“And it’s <em>still</em> full of phenoix ash!” Another auror yelled at Lord Lovegood. “We can’t just hand it over!”</p>

      <p>Ginny reached out and touched Harry’s hand. Harry’s hand jerked, then relaxed. Ginny squeezed, trying to communicate silently what she was doing, not trusting using even the tiny bit of magic needed to use their com rings around so many magic sensors, then forced the portkey into Harry’s open palm.</p>

      <p>She closed his hand around the portkey and carefully backed away.</p>

      <p>They needed Lord Slytherin to be here.</p>

      <p>And they needed Harry to not.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>With a stomach churning whoosh, Harry landed lightly in the darkened Hogwarts infirmary.</p>

      <p>Thank Merlin for Ginny Weasley! His little ninja was proving herself again and again. He’d have to see if there was anything she wanted that he could reward her with. Although now that he thought about it, every one of his girls had performed above and beyond on this one. Daphne’s scouting and coordination, Alex’s success at the dueling tournament, Luna keeping up with him to lock the castle down, then helping to corral the snake, and shielding his eyes against the phoenix ash. Even Hermione, who hadn’t had that critical a role this time, stepped up when needed to cover for Ginny at the tournament.</p>

      <p>Harry glanced around the hospital ward and found it empty, save the petrified students under covers.</p>

      <p>A slightly longer glance at the bed where his twin lay helpless had him momentarily considering whether he should take advantage of the situation for some kind of extra petty revenge.</p>

      <p>But no. No time. Plus, he was slowly taking everything that John valued in life from him, one chess piece at a time. That was more than good enough. For now, he had to get out of here. And that meant deactivating the war wards around the castle.</p>

      <p>Harry closed his eyes. Accessing the wards in this state was no easy feat. It took concentration and skill. Eventually, he found what he was looking for. The switch to deactivate the lock down. He also noted that the magical power in the wards was still quite high, but that the three lock downs over the last two years had definitely taken a toll. The war wards were not infinite and could not be used indefinitely. They took time to recharge.</p>

      <p>Harry manipulated his magics into position and, with a mental jab, flicked the switch.</p>

      <p>All at once, a feeling like decompressing air could be felt.</p>

      <p>Clangs and whirs sounded through the walls of the castle as locks were released, and windows opened.</p>

      <p>This included the infirmary’s windows.</p>

      <p>Light poured into the room as shutters were drawn back and sunlight poured through the glass.</p>

      <p>Harry grinned and turned towards the nearest window.</p>

      <p>Freedom.</p>

      <p>That was, of course, when the lamia attacked.</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>After getting a hold of herself, the very first thing Virgo had done was crawl under the nearest bed. She liked to think she was no fool. Far from it. She was, in fact, the greatest witch that had ever lived.</p>

      <p>She knew full well she wasn’t the only one with a port-key that led right to the Hospital Wing. She knew that with her brand new brother laying petrified right in this very room, that the only other people who’d have portkeys were going to be with the Gray.</p>

      <p>Laying there in full Lamia mode, Virgo silently prayed to Death for the opportunity she needed. After all, if Death wanted the horcruxes gone, the least he could do was provide her with a chance to put things right, even if it would also kill his agent. Potter could only be a tool to the powerful being, nothing more. That felt fair to her.</p>

      <p>When one of the other portkeys finally did arrive Virgo’s heart started beating wildly in her chest. She tasted the air and the air tasted of victory. And of Harry Potter. The air also tasted of Harry Potter.</p>

      <p>… Lord Slytherin.</p>

      <p>She peaked out from under her bed and saw The Gray Lord in child form weaving an enchantment in the air. Her own scene of magic told her what it was. He was deactivating lockdown.</p>

      <p>Most likely he was going to escape through one of the windows. Her guess was he’d been caught by the same aurors that had ambushed her.</p>

      <p>He didn’t look like he had a wand on him, but that was never a certainty. It would have to be a quick strike then.</p>

      <p>She waited until the time traveller had finished his spellwork.</p>

      <p>Her whole body coiled into a spring.</p>

      <p>Potter turned towards the windows.</p>

      <p>Now!</p>

      <p>Virgo struck. With all the striking force of a giant cobra, she launched herself towards him.</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>Before the boy knew what was happening, she’d grabbed him in a hug. A second later, several hundred kilos of snake had wrapped around them both, crushing them together.</p>

      <p>“Virgo.” His voice was low and dangerous, but Virgo ignored it. She couldn’t help it.</p>

      <p>“Sss, Sss, Sss,” she hissed in laughter. “The look on your face, Pottteerrrr,” she drawled the last word.</p>

      <p>“You’re a lamia animagus,” Potter stated, his face barley an inch from her own. His feet no longer touched the ground. Despite his position, he seemed remarkably calm. “That’s how you got back in the chamber.”</p>

      <p>“Mmm, I don’t know what you mean with that,” she cooed. “You’re the one that released the monster.”</p>

      <p>“Still going with that fantasy are we, <em>Tom</em>?” he asked.</p>

      <p>Virgo smirked in his face.</p>

      <p>Potter looked like he had a sudden realization. “Wait, <em>not</em> Tom… Riddle could never have achieved an animagus form with a split soul. ”</p>

      <p>Virgo raised an eyebrow. He was fast on the uptake, but then she’d expect nothing less from a man like him. She felt him strain his muscles, as though trying to get free. It was useless of course.</p>

      <p>“You are right,” Virgo said. “I am not the diary. Not any more. The sssoul of Julia Olson ssshines like a beacon.”</p>

      <p>“When?” Potter asked.</p>

      <p>“Mmm, can you not work that out for yourself?”</p>

      <p>There was a pause.</p>

      <p>“As you are now, you would make an excellent addition to the Gray,” Potter finally said. “Even your soul speaks to this. Pure darkness and pure light mixing together.”</p>

      <p>Virgo hissed in laughter. “You would have me ssserve you, <em>Lord Ssslytherin</em>?”</p>

      <p>There was a pause as Potter digested the fact that she knew who he was.</p>

      <p>“Why not?” Potter eventually asked, still sounding calm, if incredibly focused. He could keep his head under pressure, she had to give him that. “You are already a daughter of House Malfoy. And your prime soul will never accept you as an independent entity. It is not in Lord Voldemort’s nature.”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, yessss,” Virgo hissed. “That is certainly true.”</p>

      <p>“He wishes you imprisoned,” Potter continued, gazing deeply into her eyes. “If not within a diary than within something else, maybe even some<em>one</em> else. You cannot stay with the Malfoys. If you join me, I will protect you and grant you the resources needed to flex your talents.”</p>

      <p>Virgo still had her arms wrapped around the boy she held in her coils.</p>

      <p>“You make good argumentsss,” she hissed. “But there is a problem.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“I love John.”</p>

      <p>The look of shock on Potter’s—no, on Lord Slytherin’s face was priceless.</p>

      <p>“No you don’t.” The words sounded automatic, spoken without thought.</p>

      <p>“I do,” Virgo replied. “He was there for me. When I was trapped in that hell, John was there.”</p>

      <p>“Because you are more Julia…” Potter trailed off before speaking again with a little more heat. “The only reason we didn’t eliminate the diary was because we knew Julia was in there.”</p>

      <p>Virgo tilted her head. “Mmm, that doesss make me feel bad. I’m not going to deny that joining you isn’t tempting. You are clearly sssuperior to John in many waysss. You are ssstronger. You are sssmarter. You have achieved ssso much in ssso little time. You are more like me than John in many other waysss, too.” Her eyes lingered on the scar on Potter’s forehead. She could feel herself there. This close, she knew what it was.</p>

      <p>“And despite all that and more, you’re seriously going to choose my brother over me?” Potter now sounded like he was trying to solve some extraordinarily difficult puzzle.</p>

      <p>Virgo chuckled and she let a hint of sadness into her voice. “Yes. It’s a ssshame, in sssome ways.”</p>

      <p>There was a moment of silence in the hospital wing before she spoke the next words. Words she knew would be the start of a ritual — a ritual that would solidify her position as the greatest witch the world had ever seen.</p>

      <p>“We are sssplit, Potter, and that is something that I truly regret.”</p>

      <p>The Hospital Wing vanished.</p>

      <p>Darkness filled Virgo’s world.</p>

      <p>She suddenly found herself standing on the precipice of her soul chasm.</p>

      <p>Virgo very nearly lost her feet as the ground she stood on began to shake violently. Behind her, in her mindscape, the towers of Hogwarts Castle began to crumble. The gate was thrown open. Out in front of her, the void between souls grew, somehow, even darker.</p>

      <p>Virgo ran to the edge.</p>

      <p>“I regret the forming of this coven!” she shouted into the blackness. “I regret the ritual my prime made to split us apart! By the powers that be may we be returned!”</p>

      <p>One of the strands that reached out into the darkness flashed and became illuminated by a blinding white light. The light shot out into the darkness like fire was running up the strand.</p>

      <p>The shaking of the soul chasm became more violent.</p>

      <p>A second later, a whole cliff face was pulled by a single strand through the darkness. The massive fortress of Azkaban Prison was on a collision course with Hogwarts School.</p>

      <p>The blinding bright strand ran straight through the walls of the prison and into something held deep within. Virgo began pooling her magics for what would be the most complicated and difficult spell she’d ever attempted.</p>

      <p>“NO!”</p>

      <p>The soul chasm vanished.</p>

      <p>The Hospital Wing returned.</p>

      <p>Virgo suddenly found herself flat on her back, the wind knocked out of her. She gasped. Her whole body felt lit on fire from the accumulated magics all released at once. She couldn’t move. She felt pinned. It took her a few moments to realize why.</p>

      <p>There was a giant Chimera standing on her chest! And though her lamia form was large, the Chimera was absolutely massive.</p>

      <p>“No.” The lion part said in a firm voice. “I think not.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>The look on the lamia animagus’ face was priceless. Virgo squirmed and writhed under his paws, but no matter how much to tried to escape, Harry was simply too heavy and too strong.</p>

      <p>“It is a shame,” his lion form said, while his mane of snakes hissed. “I wondered if I might be able to work with you. It seems that is not to be.”</p>

      <p>Virgo gasped as he increased the pressure. “You-you’re a Chimera animagus,” she managed to get out. “Lion, snake, and thestral. Gryffindor, Slytherin, and Perverell.”</p>

      <p>Harry snorted. “Quick on the uptake as ever, Tom.”</p>

      <p>“Not Tom!” Virgo hissed. “I am Virgo!”</p>

      <p>“Then you are Virgo. But that doesn’t help you. I presented myself to you as weak and offered partnership. And you chose instead to attempt to kill me. Not even Hermione would fault me for killing you after that.”</p>

      <p>“You can’t kill—Hurrhh…“</p>

      <p>He pushed the remaining air out of her lungs.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>Virgo’s eyes widened in panic.</p>

      <p>Harry considered the struggling lamia pinned beneath his weight. If she was a full soul, then delivering a normal fatal wound might be enough to sever her connection to her other soul fragments. Otherwise, he didn’t have many options. He didn’t have a shrunk trunk to abduct the girl with. He didn’t have a wand either, so he couldn’t transfigure her into something easier to carry. That also ruled out using fyiend fire to ensure her destruction.</p>

      <p>Trying the same trick that Virgo had to absorb her soul into himself also wasn’t an option. He was a horcrux. A prison for a soul fragment. Unlike Virgo, he wasn’t actually part Dark Lord himself.</p>

      <p>That left a wandless killing curse as the only real option. But if he tried that on the highly magically resistant, and quite frankly, large, lamia, and it didn’t work. Harry Potter would become an instant fugitive with a life sentence in Azkaban on capture. And since Virgo somehow had guessed the fact that he was also Lord Slytherin, that could make things difficult. Even if it did work, it might not nessisserily save him. He still didn’t have a wand to dispose of the evidence with.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>He growled. “You leave me with very few options, Virgo.”</p>

      <p>Virgo’s next words showed two things. The first was that she knew, or at least suspected, that killing her via conventional means might actually work. And second, she believed he was actually about to do it.</p>

      <p>“Dead Man’s Ssswitch,” Virgo wheezed out.</p>

      <p>The silence of the ward became oppressive.</p>

      <p>Harry closed his eyes. Not completely, of course. A hundred snake eyes were still all trained on the lamia beneath him, but the feeling that of course things could still get more complicated was definitely there.</p>

      <p>Harry reduced the pressure on Virgo’s chest.</p>

      <p>The witch breathed in deeply.</p>

      <p>“You, Virgo, have a dead man’s switch set up that will release the infomation that I am Lord Slytherin if you are killed.”<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>It was a statement.</p>

      <p>Virgo’s eyes glittered with triumph. Then she started to laugh. Wild manic laughter whose general tone and cadence Harry definitely recognized, even if it was being modulated through the mouth and throat of a twelve-year-old girl.</p>

      <p>“No, Potter. That’s what John and Sssusan think. That’s what I told them. Although my death isn’t the only way the switch can be triggered.” She was still laughing almost hysterically. “I know that you’ll have plans on what to do if that secret got out. I wouldn’t be surprised if you were already planning to drop the facade sssometime anyway!”</p>

      <p>It was true of course. The book with Lockhart was nearly completion. He’d already brought many of the lords in the Gray faction in on the secret.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&#160;</span></p>

      <p>He frowned. “Then, what—?”</p>

      <p>“My dead man’sss ssswitch won’t release your sssecret of being Lord Ssslytherin, Potter,” Virgo hissed. “It will show everyone that you’re a time traveller!”</p>

      <p>#<a id="nov-01"></a></p>

      <p>Virgo watched the conflicting emotions flash across the lion’s face with utter relish. Shock came and went like a flash in the pan, followed by a bolt of anger. Oh, yes, he really should have seen this one coming. Next came the look of ferocious concentration as many multiple possible ways forward were no doubt called up and just as quickly dismissed. There was no need for Potter to hide how he felt from her. Hundreds of snake eyes studied her as though she were a puzzle.</p>

      <p>It was a puzzle they could not solve.</p>

      <p>She, Virgo, had left no avenue unguarded.</p>

      <p>There was no doubt Potter was powerful. Incredible, even. If she didn’t know he was a time traveller, she’d have considered him an absolute monster. From what she’d learned since breaking free of her soul prison, the dark lord hadn’t started unifying the dark until he was already in his forties.<br/>Potter had done it before the age of ten.</p>

      <p>Virgo watched the mighty Gray Lord struggle with himself. There were only a few options for him now. And all resulted either in both of them surviving, or in Virgo surviving and Potter impaling himself on yet another of her prepared traps.</p>

      <p>She’d prepared many, many traps.</p>

      <p>Virgo felt more than realized the moment when Potter made his decision. All at once, a hundred snakes all locked eyes with her. And for the second time this year, Virgo felt a legilimense attack as strong as the sledgehammer of an angry god smash straight into her brain.</p>

      <p>Virgo’s world vanished. Once again she appeared in the blackness of the void, but unlike when she had attacked Potter, this wasn’t the chasm between souls. This was the chasm between minds.</p>

      <p>Rapidly, like the painting of a masterpiece sped up a thousand fold, Hogwarts castle appeared below—her mindscape—and down in that castle, Virgo could already hear the roar of an angry chimera tearing shit up.</p>

      <p>Virgo smirked. An overwhelming feeling of triumph danced in her heat. Potter had taken the bait!</p>

      <p>Landing on the top of the astronomy tower, Virgo sprinted down the stairs towards the sound of a mighty beast really letting itself go. It wasn’t a terrible plan, really. All her secrets were here, after all. If Potter wanted to learn the secrets of her deadman’s switch, ripping them clean out of head was a great way to go about it.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t even technically illegal, so long as he didn’t cause any lasting damage. Technically. Though if mental attacks of this scale became common place, Virgo would bet her wand hand it would become illegal very quickly.</p>

      <p>The roar was getting closer now. Triangulating the sound, it felt as though the roar was heading to the library, destroying every minor defense she had in place as it went.</p>

      <p>Virgo transformed. Legs became tail. Skin became tail. Eyes grew slits. Everything got bigger.</p>

      <p>She was not the same teenage dark lord that had sat in stunned helplessness as Luna ‘Fuck Toy’ Lovegood had ripped her mind to shreds looking for her own answers. She’d had plenty of time to prepare for this.</p>

      <p>Reaching one of many secret entrances leading down to the chamber, Virgo hissed.</p>

      <p>$Open$</p>

      <p>The hidden door slid aside.</p>

      <p>She’d also not left her mind defenseless since the merging of Tom and Julia had destroyed her last mental guardian.</p>

      <p>Not even bothering to travel the long and twisty journey down to the chamber, Virgo simply stuck her head into the tunnel and screamed, $Speak to me, Slytherin! Greatest of the Hogwarts Four! Get up here you giant noddle! I need you!$</p>

      <p>For the longest moment, there was silence.</p>

      <p>Then it came.</p>

      <p>Even larger than basilisk that Tom Riddle had created for his own mindscape, Virgo’s new guardian slithered out of her mental depths and powered into the corridor like an unstoppable tide of death. It hissed.</p>

      <p>Virgo had to press herself up against the wall as it passed.</p>

      <p>She started to cackle. $Go! Go, my creature! Catch Potter! Catch Potter and trap him in my mind! Make him my guest of honor! Make him my prisoner! And if he flees when he sees you, then see him, and petrify him!$</p>

      <p>She really was the greatest witch that had ever lived.</p>

      <p>Virgo stood there as the basilisk disappeared around the corner. She smirked.</p>

      <p>After a while, the roar of the chimera became quite a bit louder, quite a bit more intense, as though suddenly in combat with something far larger and meaner than it.</p>

      <p>Heh.</p>

      <p>Virgo casually walked down the corridor towards the library.</p>

      <p>The roars stopped when she was halfway there.</p>

      <p>Nice.</p>

      <p>Virgo rounded the final corner to the library, and froze.</p>

      <p>Harry Potter, human Harry Potter, was sitting on the remains of the very large and quite clearly very dead guardian. He had a sword in one hand.<br/>Virgo felt the blood drain from her face. “W-w-what?”</p>

      <p>“What, what?” Potter replied, deadpan. “I’ve already killed a real giant basilisk today. What made you think I’d have any problems with your mental version? This thing can’t even kill with its gaze. That should tell you how much weaker it is than the real thing.”</p>

      <p>Virgo couldn’t credit what she was hearing. “You, you killed the real basalisk? But then why did you use your portkey? Weren’t you running from it?”<br/>Her heart was starting the thump harder. The full magnitude of the situation was starting to settle in.</p>

      <p>“No, that was from the aurors.” Potter shrugged. “You still don’t want to tell me how to deactivate your deadman’s switch?”</p>

      <p>Virgo took a step backwards.</p>

      <p>“Shame.” Potter turned, hopped off the dead basalisk, and with a flick of his wrist slammed his way clean through the library’s solid oak doors like they were made of marzipan.</p>

      <p>Virgo turned and ran.</p>

      <p>Damn it all! This wasn’t good. This was NOT good. She went only as far as the next corner before stopping to get her breath back.<br/>That library was where Potter would find the answer he wanted. He probably wouldn't find it straight away, but without anyway to stop him, eventually, he would.</p>

      <p>Virgo cursed. She needed a plan. She was the greatest witch in the world. There had to be something else she could use. Some trick she still pull.<br/>Her mind raced. Every possibility was weighed. Every option judged. Outside the castle, the sun began to speed across the sky as though on fast forward. Shadows whipped back and forth. The grass started to visibly grow.</p>

      <p>Then it hit her.</p>

      <p>It was a long shot. The chance of it working inside of the real Hogwarts wards had to be only one in ten.</p>

      <p>It was also stupidly dangerous, even if it did work.</p>

      <p>Freedom always was.</p>

      <p>But desperate times called for desperate measures, and she was incredibly, bone-chillingly desperate.</p>

      <p>Virgo took a deep, deep breath and screamed at the top of her lungs.</p>

      <p>“DOBBY!”</p>

      <p><a id="nov-02"></a>#</p>

      <p>Virgo’s mind was quite amazingly well organized for a witch born of two souls blending together. Though the fact that one of those souls was a sliver of the dark lord’s made it more understandable.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately for Harry, this didn’t make his job any easier.</p>

      <p>The shelves of Virgo’s mental Hogwarts Library were filled top to bottom with diaries. They started out pastel colored and covered in stickers, but slowly, more ragged and dirty examples started to dot the chronology.</p>

      <p>Julia’s early years and her abduction by the Malfoys.</p>

      <p>At around the half way mark, the dirty books suddenly switched to gigantic ornate tomes, inlaid with gold, smelling of old parchment and cloves.</p>

      <p>Tom Riddle arriving at Hogwarts as a child.</p>

      <p>Those diaries seem to go on forever.</p>

      <p>Eventually, though, they were both replaced by much simpler stock. Plane, but well cared for, with little tiny locks on the side that wouldn’t stop a pair of nail clippers — a textbook example of what Harry imagined a teenager’s diary to actually look like.</p>

      <p>Investigating those was quite eye opening.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">John the hero.<br/>John the handsome.<br/>John my savior.<br/>John.<br/>John.<br/>John.<br/>John.John.<br/>John.<br/>John.<br/>John.John.John.John.<br/>John.John.John.John.John.John.<br/>John.<br/>John.<br/>John.<br/>John.<br/>John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.<br/>Oh, and Susan, too. A bit. I guess…<br/>John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.John.</p>

      <p>Harry put that one back like the lady of an ancient house levitating a dead mouse out the door.</p>

      <p>And though enlightening, none of that helped him find the information he truly needed. How to deactivate Virgo’s deadman’s switch.</p>

      <p>He made his way to the end of the final row, and still it was nowhere to be found.</p>

      <p>Unsurprisingly, really.</p>

      <p>Even believing her mental basilisk to the ultimate defense of her mind, someone like Virgo could never have too many defenses.</p>

      <p>So where would someone like Virgo have hid it?</p>

      <p>Harry thought back to what it was that made Voldemort tick.</p>

      <p>True, Virgo wasn’t Riddle—that much was now abundantly clear—but asking the question, “Where would a random teenage girl hide her most important secret” probably wasn’t going to yield the results he was after. Though, he made a mental note that if push came to shove, looking under the girl’s bed in Griffindor Tower would be a good last resort.</p>

      <p>How Voldemort thought…</p>

      <p>Harry tapped his foot while staring up at the giant book shelves surrounding him.</p>

      <p>Riddle wanted to be known everywhere as the greatest wizard who ever lived. He also wanted to be immortal. Those were two aspects of the dark lord’s persona that seemed to have mapped quite well onto Virgo.</p>

      <p>He’d also dedicated a lot of his time during Hogwarts to fighting his way to the top of the Slytherin hierarchy. He’d studied the noble families, knew their customs and traditions. And though he’d never received formal occlumancy training, he’d nevertheless weaseled out a lot of the details once he’d been the undisputed ruler of the snake-pit.</p>

      <p>Harry wandered back over to Virgo’s earlier memories — to the small collection of books that dealt with music. The violin for Tom Riddle, the piano for Julia Olsen.</p>

      <p>Harry stared at the books.</p>

      <p>Did the one in the middle feel different? Or was he just projecting his own desires onto what he hoped was the answer?</p>

      <p>Harry touched the book. It was larger than the two on either side, looked better taken care of. Mastering the Violin — Making Magic out of Music.<br/>Virgo had taken the blood of Malfoy, replacing her Riddle bloodline to become a true pureblood, the blood of Gaunt remaining as her ‘mother’ blood. Ironic as it turned out, since the Riddle bloodline had been Tom’s true connection to the house of Slytherin.</p>

      <p>It was something he’d mused on before.</p>

      <p>He, Harry, was Lord Slytherin.</p>

      <p>Technically, Voldemort, as a son of house Riddle, might possibly be considered a member of his house. He could be said to be Voldemort’s lord. As amusing as that would be.</p>

      <p>Harry smirked.</p>

      <p>The question was, if Virgo had made a safe spot in her mental library, in the way of many noble families, had she done it before of after she’d taken Malfoy’s blood? Or even more interestingly, was Virgo, as a soul blend that included Voldemort, still connected in even the smallest way to the family of Riddle?</p>

      <p>Harry focused his magic in his fingers and a small dagger made of glass materialized out of the aether, floating in the air of his cupped hand.</p>

      <p>He pricked his finger and a single drop of blood welled up to the surface. He drew the finger down the middle book.</p>

      <p>For a moment, nothing happened.</p>

      <p>Then suddenly, a sound like a slow rockfall filled the library and all the books in front of him started to pull away, shaping themselves up and around into an arch way, just like the bricks leading to Diagon Alley. Beyond which, was a tight little nook, containing just three books.</p>

      <p>Harry smiled. He loved it when he was right.</p>

      <p>He was about to reach in and grab the first, when a squeaky voice behind him stopped him cold.</p>

      <p>“You shall not harm Mistress Virgo!”<a id="nov-03"></a></p>

      <p>Harry had scant milliseconds to react before he felt the powerful buildup of demonic magics behind him erupt into a wave of pure force fired straight at him. He wasn’t fast enough. The wave hit like a tsunami, pushing him down through the corridor and out the nearest window. Thousands pieces of glass, iron, and lead lacerated his skin as he fell down towards the grounds below.</p>

      <p>No.</p>

      <p>Calling on his flight spell, Harry forced his way out of the wave of magic and rocketed up into the air. He slowed to a halt just above Ravenclaw Tower. Blood streamed from dozens of cuts all over his body, but that didn’t stop him from getting to grips with the situation.</p>

      <p>That had been a house elf. And there was only one possible candidate for which house elf it could have been. It was the free house elf! The one that had attacked Ginny at the Quidditch match. The one that had given him the excuse to take back control of the Hogwarts wards. And now, Virgo had summoned it straight into her mind, seemingly bypassing the Hogwarts wards in the process. Of all the reckless stunts to pull, that one truly was worthy of the dark lord.&#160;</p>

      <p>Harry shook himself. He’d think about that later, right now he had an elf to defeat. Free house elves were absolute monsters, but then, so was he.<br/>First, he’d—</p>

      <p>A pop from behind him sent every danger cell in his body screaming to attention. It was as though Death himself was shouting at him to move.<br/>Harry ducked. A gigantic sword larger than he was tall whooshed through the air right where his neck had been. The three-foot elf wielding it looked comically out of place attached to it, but there was nothing comical about the power forming around the creature again.</p>

      <p>Harry braced himself as another wave of power smashed into him.</p>

      <p>Shooting towards the ground, Harry transformed just before he hit, landing in a four-legged crouch that embedded his paws over a foot into the soft grassy earth with a slam loud enough to echo around the grounds.</p>

      <p>There was another pop from what had been behind him, but Harry was already turning. A hundred snakes hissed. One giant lion opened it’s jaws wide.</p>

      <p>The house elf had just enough time to open its eyes as wide as saucers before Harry’s jaws snapped shut. Around empty air.<br/>The next pop came from quite a bit further away.</p>

      <p>Harry launched himself towards it. Free house elves were dangerous. He couldn’t allow it time to get its wits together. Unfortunately, he was nowhere near fast enough. The house elf’s magics were already swirling into a powerful vortex by the time Harry had covered even half the distance.</p>

      <p>The house elf didn’t look triumphal though. Instead it looked almost panicked.</p>

      <p>“Dobby is not wanting to!” The house elf screamed. “But Dobby must. Potter boy is too strong!”</p>

      <p>The vortex snapped into place and A giant tentacle whipped out of it.</p>

      <p>Harry screeched to a halt, but wasn’t fast enough.</p>

      <p>The tentacle whipped around his right paw and stayed wrapped around his right arm as he transformed back. He severed the tentacle a moment later with a wandless cutting charm, but there was already another in its place. Dozens of tentacles snapped around his arms and legs, around his neck, over his face, and before he could so much as even think a curse, he’d been yanked forward, straight into the vortex. And straight out of Virgo’s mind-scape.</p>

      <p>Out in the real Hogwarts hospital wing, Harry flew backwards with a sound like a gigantic burp. He tumbled. He landed. His head snapped up. His eyes snapped open.</p>

      <p>Virgo stared back at him, her own eyes wide and unsettled.</p>

      <p>There was a moment of silence.</p>

      <p>Virgo raised her hand.</p>

      <p>Harry instinctively began to form an intent to counter whatever she was about to do, but instead of launching an offensive spell, Virgo raised her hand to her face as though seeing it for the first time. Light began to form around the digits, but the magic that radiated out from her was of no form that any witch or wizard should possess.</p>

      <p>“Oh, no.” Virgo whispered. “Virgo not be liking this. Virgo not be liking this at all.”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, rapid heavy footsteps could be heard getting louder from outside the hospital wing.</p>

      <p>Both Harry and Virgo’s heads whipped to the shut door.</p>

      <p>“Potter!” shouted a voice, followed by a rapid banging on the door. “Potter, are you in there?”</p>

      <p>Harry didn’t wait. The lock down was already over. He had places, and people, to be. “Consider this a stalemate!” he called behind him as he dashed towards the window.</p>

      <p>Virgo just stared in horror at a vision apparently only she could see.</p>

      <p>The door slammed open and one of the aurors stepped in. The man just had time to see Harry Potter take a running jump at a full glass window on the top floor of the castle. “Wait! Potter! Your godfather said—!”</p>

      <p>Crash.</p>

      <p>The sound of shattering glass filled the hospital wing.</p>

      <p>The man ran past the thankfully still living lamia animagus and slammed into the window frame, just in time to see the world’s only chimera animagus booking it away on all fours, across the grounds, towards the forbidden forest.</p>

      <p>“You’re not in trouble!” he shouted after the boy. “You don’t have to—” But it was useless. Without so much as a backward glance, the majestic beast leapt into the undergrowth surrounding the forest, and vanished clean from sight.</p>

      <p>It was the last time anyone not in the Gray would see Harry Potter for several months. And by the time they did see him once more, nothing would be the same again.</p>

      <p>#<a id="nov-04"></a></p>

      <p><em>*Wibble Wobble Wibble Wobble*</em></p>

      <p>All across magical Britain, over five thousand Wizarding Wireless devices halted their performance of the repeated season six finale of Diagon Woes, right before the final kiss, to switch back to the news.</p>

      <p><em>*Wibble Wobble Wibble Wobble*</em></p>

      <p><em>My Lords and Ladies, wizards and witches, we interrupt the interruption of your usual programing to bring you important news from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The cause of the recent break-off in coverage of the Hogwarts Dueling Tournament has been confirmed as an unscheduled lock-down of the school and its grounds. We’re getting word from a trusted source that the lock-down has now been lifted and no one has been hurt.</em></p>

      <p><em>While no official statement has yet been made, we understand that the reason for the lock-down was a large-scale magical creature incident from within the school itself. Anonymous sources from within the ministry reported a full-scale mobilization of the Department of Magical Disasters and Catastrophes, along with the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, as well as an advance force of over a dozen aurars. The call up has since been canceled however, and all ministry personal have been put back on standby until further notice. Probably until tea time.</em></p>

      <p><em>The exact nature of the magical creatures involved are still unknown, though many incredible rumors are flying around and we’ll no doubt know more in the coming days.&#160;</em></p>

      <p><em>The Hogwarts dueling tournament was won by Slytherin House, with MVP going to Heiress Alexandra Patricia Black, only the third student in Hogwarts history to full sweep the opposing team as a first-year student and the first first-year student ever to achieve that feat twice against both opposing teams. Her most spectacular match was against first year Gryffindor, and student minister, Miss Virgo Malfoy, the fourth first year to clean sweep the enemy team. The spectacular fight will no doubt be a memory parlor favorite for years to come and included family magics, elemental summons, spell swatting, creature summoning, and ended in Miss Virgo Malfoy’s unexpected surrender after successfully casting a phoenix patronus strong enough to force back, but not quite defeat, Heiress Black’s Grim animagus form.</em></p>

      <p><em>The dueling cup was presented to the Black Heiress by her year-mate, and new quidditch phenom, Ginverva ‘Ginny’ Weasley. Coming rulings in the Wizengamot will decide if such a young player can be permitted to compete for the national quidditch team, and after today no doubt our government will be asking themselves the same question about our national dueling team as well.</em></p>

      <p><em>Due to the interrupted broadcast, we will be repeating the whole tournament two weeks from today, here, on the Wizarding Wireless. Make sure to stay tuned in!</em></p>

      <p>Down at The Burrow, Mrs Weasley turned off the Wireless with a flick of her wand while letting out a deep sigh of relief and pride. On the wall behind her, all 'mortal peril' spoons on the Weasley family clock had once more whirred to the ‘at school’ position. All across the country, parents who couldn’t attend the dueling tournament themselves, did likewise, though mostly just with relief.</p>

      <p>Up on the castle grounds, hundreds of wizards and witches made their way out of the arena towards the gates of Hogwarts. Some apparated away towards Hogsmeade, intent on catching the floo back home, or riding the Hogwarts express, for those with time to kill and nostalgia to indulge.<br/>The students, however, were all asked to gather together before going back to the castle.</p>

      <p>“Ravenclaw students!” Squeaked Professor Flitwick while still addressing the whole school. “I’m afraid we’re going to have to bunk outside of Ravenclaw Tower for the moment while repairs are underway. No I can’t say why right now. If anyone has friends in other houses, I’d encourage you to join them for the time being. Extra beds will be provided. And no, Mister Baker, you can not join your fiancé. Girls with girls and boys with boys only. In the mean time, we’re all going to have to wait out here until we get the all clear that Hogwarts has been deemed safe once more, so dinner will be provided here.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right!” Boomed Headmaster Lockart, swooping in and giving an outraged Flitwick a noogie. “Bring on the benches! Bring on the drink! Let’s feast and be merry! Under the stars of Hogwarts!” He pointed dramatically to the sky, which was still midday, and then up to the castle where the Great Hall’s massive tables floated towards the wide-eyed students.</p>

      <p>Soon the tables and benches had been placed in the sands of the arena and food and drink began to fill plates and goblets.</p>

      <p><a id="nov-05"></a>High above the dueling arena, on one of the many flag poles carrying the Hogwarts crest, a golden eagle perched and watched. As students, teachers, and a few remaining parents who’d yet to vacate the grounds, began to dig into the feast, the eagle spread her wings and soared off and up, up into the air, banking around on a stray current and off toward the castle.</p>

      <p>Daphne swooped down low, skimming the grass before the Hogwarts giant front doors, before pulling up and transforming mid-air.</p>

      <p>“They are still not letting anyone in,” said Hermione, loitering in the doorway with her arms folded.</p>

      <p>Standing next to the Slytherin muggleborn, Alexandra Black clenched her fists, a clear sign she was frustrated. “The basilisk corpse is still fresh,” she said. “The inferi ritual is best done when the corpse is still fresh.”</p>

      <p>“And it will remain fresh,” Daphne said, shaking out her hair. “The aurors may not be allowing you and I in, but our lord is not so hampered. Soon, he shall grant us passage.”</p>

      <p>Alexandra smirked. “I wish I’d seen their faces when they saw his power.”</p>

      <p>“Them seeing his power is not a good thing,” Hermione shot back. “It will cause all sorts of problems.”</p>

      <p>Daphne nodded her head. “Yes. Yes, it will.” She put a hand to her ear. “Bulldozer? This is Eagle Eyes. Any updates?”</p>

      <p>Up in the partially destroyed Ravenclaw Tower, Luna Lovegood, sitting on the floor with several bandages wrapped around her arms and legs, put a hand to her own ear. “Eagle Eyes,” she whispered, although whispering was hardly needed given the shear quantity and volume of argument coming from all around the room. “Our lord arrived not long ago. It’s all getting rather shouty.”</p>

      <p>#</p>

      <p>“I don’t see what else there needs to be said!” Minister Fudge shouted at the top of his lungs. “You’ve killed the monster. Without telling us about it first, I might add! Why didn’t you tell us first?! Anyway, you’ve killed the monster, so just remove yourself from the wards! The events of today show clearly why one man cannot just have sole power over an institution as old and as… er… venerable as Hogwarts. It simply can not stand!”</p>

      <p>“I did inform the ministry,” Slytherin replied calmly, standing in the centre of a ring of hostile glares. “I received no response. And I’m afraid that’s not possible, Minister. Certainly not until the rogue house elf has been found.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve used that excuse before!”</p>

      <p>“And it remains as true now as it was then.” Slytherin turned to the owner of one of the glares directed at him. “Though it does seem odd, does it not, Lord Malfoy? Free house elves are known to be chaotic in the extreme. But this one seems quite circumspect. Almost as though it is being directed. Don’t you find that odd?”</p>

      <p>“Very odd.” Malfoy said back, somehow managing to convey a blank face while still glaring daggers. “But I do not believe the house elf can be our primary concern anymore. This expedition of yours was reckless in the extreme, endangering both my heir and my daughter.”</p>

      <p>“The daughter that snuck into Hogwarts through the very chamber the monster itself was released from?”</p>

      <p>Lucius sneered. “Virgo did not achieve her animagus form until well after the first attack. Therefore, she cannot be considered a suspect.”</p>

      <p>“That’s based on what? Your word?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, my word. Just like your assertion that Harry Potter and your bethrothed did not achieve their animagus transformations alongside Greengrass, Weasley, and Black is based on your word.”</p>

      <p><a id="nov-06-mini"></a>“They really didn’t.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, like we’ll believe that!” James Potter snarled. “You don’t think I don’t know about how a group of students can become animagi together? You even stole Sirus’ family secret to help!”</p>

      <p>“James,” Lord Black said in a warning tone of voice.</p>

      <p>“No—” Lord Potter shot back. “It’s clearly obvious what he did. We did the same thing. He’s using your daughter, Sirius. Can’t you see that?”</p>

      <p>“He is not using Alex! I’m proud of my daughter’s accomplishments. I don’t know how they managed to become animagi that quickly, but I do know it wasn’t how we did it.”</p>

      <p>“But, a chimera!?” James shouted. “A child should not wield such power!”</p>

      <p>“I’d have thought you’d be happy,” Lord Slytherin replied. “He is your heir.”</p>

      <p>“Harry is NOT my heir. John is my heir. I want you to stay out of my son’s life!”</p>

      <p>“It does seem,” Lucious Malfoy jumped in before Harry could respond, “that Lord Slytherin is far too interested in the upbringing of other people’s children. Corrupting minds. Leading them astray… A worrying development, given his insistence on keeping control of the Hogwarts Wards. Perhaps, a gesture of goodwill is appropriate to show Magical Britain your intentions are not malicious.” There was a moment of silence before he continued. “If you, to take a purely hypothetical example, released the children of the Dark faction from their pledge of allegiance to Alexandra Black, I’m sure that would go a long way to assuring society that you don’t—”</p>

      <p>“If there’s going to any goodwill gesture,” James interrupted, “It’ll be for him to leave Harry alone!”</p>

      <p>“Please, gentlemen. “Harry held up his hands. “I have no malicious designs. I cannot release Draco and his friends from their pledge, because they are not pledged to me. They are pledged to Alex. And from what I hear, she is leading them quite well. Besides, I believe we have already discussed quite a substantial ‘goodwill gesture’ between us already, Lord Malfoy?”</p>

      <p>The amnesty deal for former death eaters laid in the upcoming Muggle Protection Act.</p>

      <p>Lord Malfoy made an unsatisfied noise in his throat.</p>

      <p>“As to Harry, I have absolutely no intention to abandon my care of the boy. Though if it would appease you, I’d be open to having his godfather take some responsibility for his oversight.”</p>

      <p>“It doesn’t appease me!” James snapped.</p>

      <p>Sirius frowned. “You don't not trust me?”</p>

      <p>James looked like someone had punched him in the gut. “No, Padfoot. No, that’s not what I meant. Of course I’d trust you.” He flung out a pointed finger. “It’s him I don’t trust!”</p>

      <p>Sirius didn’t look convinced.</p>

      <p>Harry in turn nodded. “Well, since it’s me you have a problem with then maybe I have a solution.”</p>

      <p>James narrowed his eyes. “What solution?”</p>

      <p>Harry withdrew a parchment from his robes. “I have here a betrothal contract, already signed, between Harry Potter and Ginny Weasley.”</p>

      <p>Unseen by anyone in a corner of the room, a girl squatting beneath an invisibility cloak breathed in sharply.</p>

      <p>“The Weasleys are purebloods of long standing, but their role has always been that of mediators — power brokers for the factious noble houses. Classic civil servants. I’m sure that Arthur would be the top Humblehag by now, if he cared to stretch his ambitions so far. The upcoming Muggle Protection Act in the Wizengamot is proof of his tripartisan nature. Despite that, the Weasleys have always leant more closely to the Light. Your wife and Arthur’s are friends. John is best friends with Ron.”</p>

      <p>“In other words, they are the perfect family to hand Harry over to. You’ll know that Harry is in the care of a family close in interests to your own, and I’ll know that Harry will have the support of a large and supportive family. That and I know that Harry and Ginny both really like each other, so the match is a good one.”</p>

      <p>Lord Potter said nothing.</p>

      <p>“Besides,” Harry continued, “Everyone knows that Ginny is going to join the quidditch league soon. She’s too good for the wizengamot not to make an exception. She’d do well to have a husband who can financially support her sporting ambitions. And a father-in-law who can be proud of her accomplishments.”</p>

      <p>For a moment, Lord Potter actually looked tempted. Then he viciously shook his head. “No!” He glared at Slytherin. “I know exactly what you are. And who you are. And I have not forgotten our history. I wouldn’t put it past you to be splitting up my family just out of spite. I will not be betrothing Harry to anyone you approve of…,”—he stepped forward, crossing the distance between them, stood in front of him for a second, before leaning in close to Harry’s ear so that only he would hear and growled out the final word of the incomplete setence, “…Lupin.”</p>

      <p>He then stepped away and stared at Lord Slytherin’s impassive visage, as though waiting for a reaction. When he naturally failed to get one from the mask Slytherin always wore, he turned and walked away.</p>

      <p>“This isn’t over, Slytherin!” Lord Potter shouted behind him. “I’ll see you in the Wizengamot!”<br/>The remaining lords all stared after him.</p>

      <p>“I think I shall take my leave, as well,” said Lord Malfoy. “There’s been more than enough excitement here for one day.” He started to walk away as well, but turning back. “We’ll have to talk again about the Dark’s support for your amendments to the Muggle Protection Act before it goes to the final hearing, Slytherin. Don’t think your actions here today will not have consequences.”</p>

      <p>Dumbledore, who’d remained silent up till this point, walked up to Harry and spoke quietly so only he could hear. “I do not believe giving Harry to Miss Weasley will be enough to stem the darkness that lies within. If anything, I fear it is she that would become corrupted by him. And now that we know what kind of dark creature his soul embodies, I fear this is even more so.”</p>

      <p>“Then it is fortunate that I’m not asking for your opinion, isn’t it?” Harry bit back.</p>

      <p>Dumbledore gave him patented D-stare number 54, disappointed headmaster, before stepping back, raising his arm, giving a command to his now regenerated pheonix, and flaming out without another word.</p>

      <p>Harry turned to the minister and his undersecretary, a rotund woman in pink, who, rumors had it, was going to be next in line for the top Humble Hag position.</p>

      <p>The witch seemed rather torn by his presence, as though not sure if she should be impressed, scared, or disgusted. Her eyes kept flicking between him and the dead thousand-year old basilisk behind him.</p>

      <p>“And you, minister?” Harry asked. “Do you have a suitably dramatic exit to make?”</p>

      <p>“What? Oh, err…” The man seemed to get a hold of himself. “Yes! Yes, in fact, I do. You cannot just waltz in here and control Hogwarts like you did. I will have no choice but to talk to people about this! Certainly, defeating this, err… very large snake, is a positive, but it does not outweigh the damage to the ministry’s image and authority. And no, you cannot keep it. I’ll have experts come up form the Department of Magical Creatures to take it away. Until then, it will be under guard. Do you understand, Lord Slytherin?”</p>

      <p>“Crystal.”</p>

      <p>The minister then turned and did his best impression of a powerful man storming out, though compared to the three men who came before him, it looked rather less than impressive.</p>

      <p>Soon, Harry was left alone. Alone, except for a dozen aurors, several other lords of the Wizengamot including Jacob, Sirus, and Xenophilius, paintings waking up from their previously stunned state, the headless haunt arriving back with the Hogwarts ghosts, and lastly, and probably actually the least, Filch the caretaker, staring at the destruction that went far beyond mere mess with more horror than the colossal dead killing machine.<br/>The day passed and night fell.</p>

      <p>Standard DMLE guard wizards replaced the elite aurors on watch duty, not light security, but certainly lighter than before.<br/>Light enough for a certain red-haired witch hidden under an invisibility cloak to quietly stun them all.</p>

      <p>A figure floated in through one of the destroyed windows. It aligted on the ground, pulled out several miniature ward stones, and quietly got to work.</p>

      <p>Some time later, Harry finished up his placement of a fideleus ward around the snake.</p>

      <p>A little while after that, a golden eagle swooped into the room.</p>

      <p>Daphne received the secret, walked up to the corpse, and concentrated. She whispered an incantation, and the temperature of the room plummeted. Ice began to spread from the tips of her fingers over the corpse. It wasn’t a fast process, but eventually the entire basalisk was one large popsicle.<br/>Possession was two thirds of the law. Keep it fresh, that was the trick. Ministerial overreach could be judged by the wizengamot soon enough. Until then, they’d keep this little treat on ice.</p>

      <p style="text-align: center;">— End of Chapter 59 —&#160;</p>
    </div>

<!--/chapter content-->
  </section>
</body>
</html>