<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <title>Prologue</title>
  <link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
  <section id="prologue" epub:type="prologue">
    <div class="group meta">
      <h3 class="heading">Prologue</h3>
    </div>

<!--chapter content-->

    <div class="userstuff">
      <p>The role of the soul in magic has long been pondered by wizards and witches. Obviously, it can be split, as in the bastardised horcrux ritual, ripped apart for safe keeping in a suitable vessel⁠—or the soul&#160;<em>itself</em>&#160;can be the vessel, as in the fidelius charm, storing a secret so closely that it disappears from the minds of sentient beings the world over. Animagus hopefuls speak of soul searching, the month long process of using hallucinogens to dream walk among what it is that makes them, them⁠—while seers like to think of the inner eye as the&#160;<em>gateway</em>&#160;to the soul, and devote countless hours to carefully examining the confusing snatches of vision that smash across their consciousness like the world’s worst stain-glass window.</p>

      <p>Soul magic is tricky business. It’s not for nothing that the number of known fidelius charm users in Great Britain can be counted on just one hand,&#160;<em>if</em>&#160;you’re in the know, and with just one middle-finger, if you’re not. Even&#160;<em>those</em>&#160;users sometimes have problems.</p>

      <p>Hidden behind a secret passage-way in the seventh year Hufflepuff girl’s shower room, an invisible man in a green and black mask laid a set of miniature rune stones around the second entrance to the chamber of secrets. He sat down in the centre of the formation and stilled in meditation for a good twenty minutes. Distilled magical power radiated out from him in waves.</p>

      <p>The man raised his wand over his head and brought it down onto the rune stone in front of him. “Fidelius Occultum.” There was a change in the air surrounding the rune stones as the entrance’s location was swept from the world. The man nodded to himself before moving on.</p>

      <p>Down the hallway, a confused house elf had to fight off the urge to curtsey to empty air as he passed her. His gait was tall and confident, even under disillusionment⁠—perhaps like a king cobra, perhaps like a lion, or perhaps like something else entirely⁠—but definitely like something regal.</p>

      <p>Arriving at Hogwarts’ ancient quidditch stadium, the man entered the Ravenclaw girl’s changing room, hissed to a tiny bronze snake adorning the frame of a large ornate mirror, stepped through the resulting door, and set up another set of rune stones. After another twenty minutes of meditation, the man brought his wand down to the rune stone in front of him and again said, “Fidelius Occultum.”</p>

      <p>But this time there was no change.</p>

      <p>The man stared at the stone for a moment before repeating the meditation, brought his wand down again, and said, “Fidelius Occultum,” in a slightly firmer tone of voice.</p>

      <p>Again, nothing happened, except, the man thought, for an inexplicable feeling of fullness. He narrowed his eyes and started counting on his fingers while muttering under his breath. When he got to six, he paused, then counted seven by jerking his thumb in direction he’d just come.</p>

      <p>“Damn.”</p>

      <p>He cast a tempus charm, cursed again, collected up the rune stones, and then spent several minutes waving his wand over the entrance before heading back up to the castle. One hour and one memorable encounter with the ghost of Myrtle Warren later, he’d finished his stop-gap warding of the thirteen entrances, and casually stepped out of the Slytherin sixth-year girl’s dormitory, climbed up the stairs to the Slytherin common room, and walked out through the portal to the rest of the dungeons.</p>

      <p>The man didn’t get far before he spotted a familiar, crooked-nose figure wearing a cloak that billowed, despite their being underground. The masked man had a quick debate with himself about timekeeping, before shrugging, dropping his disillusionment, and stepping out into view.</p>

      <p>The other man, who carried a large bundle of herbs tied up with string, made almost no reaction⁠ ⁠… almost. He did straighten up slightly. “Lord Slytherin.”</p>

      <p>“Severus Snape. I seem to recall you wished to speak to me when I had a moment.”</p>

      <p>“This⁠ ⁠… is so.”</p>

      <p>“It just so happens, I have one now⁠—although I do also have several appointments, so I’d appreciate if you kept it brief.”</p>

      <p>Snape nodded slowly. “I wished to say that before I was petrified last Halloween, I believe I may have misjudged the situation.”</p>

      <p>“Which situation? The situation where you called me arrogant and cowardly? Or the situation where you mentally attacked my vassal?”</p>

      <p>Snape lowered his head. “You have my deepest apologies, my lord⁠—you, and the girl.”</p>

      <p>“You’ll have plenty of opportunities to apologise to Hermione personally.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, my lord⁠—and you have granted me something I have wished for, for many years.”</p>

      <p>“Not for your sake, I assure you. Defence is not a professorship to be handed out to stuttering imbeciles.”</p>

      <p>“You show mercy and fairness, my lord.”</p>

      <p>Lord Slytherin said nothing.</p>

      <p>Snape looked up from the floor and continued. “Since I have been unpetrified, I have made a study of what little I have been able to of your cause. I believe, my own views align more closely to them, than the alternatives.”</p>

      <p>“And what&#160;<em>is</em>&#160;my cause?”</p>

      <p>“You believe muggleborns should be brought into our world, but you do not agree with how it is currently done. You do not agree in purity of blood as a measure of worth⁠ ⁠… by itself. You do not believe in abolishing the old ways, nor do you believe in many muggle practises such as representative democracy.”</p>

      <p>“Do I not?”</p>

      <p>Snape hesitated.</p>

      <p>“Representative democracy is a tool,” Slytherin said lightly. “You might as well say I don’t believe in hammers.”</p>

      <p>Snape said nothing.</p>

      <p>Slytherin said nothing in return.</p>

      <p>Snape broke the silence first. “I wish to prove to you that I can be a loyal and useful tool, my lord.”</p>

      <p>Slytherin made a noise that could have been a cough or a snort. “So I guessed. You already have two masters, Snape⁠—are you sure you can handle a third?”</p>

      <p>Snape’s eyes widened almost imperceptibly. “My lord⁠—”</p>

      <p>“⁠—Snape, I am&#160;<em>not</em>&#160;‘your lord.’ I do not give out my overlordship lightly.”</p>

      <p>“…&#160;My apologies, Lord Slytherin⁠—I wish to only have&#160;<em>one</em>&#160;master. Might I enquire as to how one might go about proving their value? Dumbledore still places considerable trust in⁠—”</p>

      <p>“⁠—You can&#160;<em>start</em>&#160;by teaching defence to the best of your abilities.”</p>

      <p>Snape bowed deeply.</p>

      <p>Slytherin nodded and walked past him towards the staircase to the ground floor.</p>

      <p>“Lord Slytherin?” Snape calmly called back behind him.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Snape?”</p>

      <p>“Is there, by any chance, any word on who will be the next potions professor?” He indicated the large bundle of herbs still in his arms.</p>

      <p>“No, not yet. I am still waiting for a&#160;<em>worthwhile</em>&#160;applicant.”</p>

      <p align="center">—DP&#160;&amp; SW: NRiCaD⁠—</p>

      <p>Some time later, sun still high in the sky, Lord Slytherin walked up the steps to the wide open doors of Slytherin Manor on his private island in the Orkney’s, just north of Scotland. He swept through the half furnished ballroom, still littered with crates and scaffolding, and headed for the basement, quickly reaching the bottom of the stairs.</p>

      <p>Only a few weeks ago, this had been a large, cavernous space, but a lot had changed. Now he made his way down a dark hallway, lit by only his wand, footsteps echoing in the empty quiet.</p>

      <p>He reached the only door, put his hand on the handle, opened it, and stepped through into a circular room full of doors identical to the one he’d just walked through. He stepped into the middle of the room. “Laboratory.”</p>

      <p>The doors spun wildly, not only around and around, but also up and down, moving through each other like the inside of a drunk merry-go-round. Moment’s later, the doors stopped spinning. Slytherin walked to the door directly in front of him, grasped the door handle, turned it, and stepped through into the room beyond.</p>

      <p>The first thing to notice about this room was that it was extremely messy. Books and parchment lay everywhere. A leaning tower of empty bowls on the desk reached up almost six stories, spoons and forks sticking out at each porcelain floor. A wall of empty butterbeer bottles segregated the bowl tower from the only part of the room that wasn’t piled high with assorted stuff.</p>

      <p>The second thing to notice was a massive piece of parchment adorning the far wall, covered with scribbled diagrams and titled ‘Animagus Project.’</p>

      <p>Slytherin picked his way across the room and plucked, from the floor, an open book filled with bookmarks. The book was titled ‘Black Magical Theory’ and was trimmed in deep purple. He leaned over the desk.</p>

      <p>Seven clay pots stood arranged in a septagram. Between them, ran lines of faintly glowing gray powder. An empty box off to one side read, ‘Phoenix Ash,’ in hastily scrawled hand writing.</p>

      <p>Slytherin gingerly pulled the top off one of the pots. A live grass hopper attempted to jump out, but didn’t quite make it before Slytherin popped the top back on. He nodded in apparent satisfaction, consulted the purple trimmed book, and made a note on a piece of nearby parchment. “Plato!”</p>

      <p>A minute later, a robed house elf opened the door behind him, stepped inside the room, took one look around the literary bomb site, and let out a desperate keening noise. “Master Lord Slytherin,&#160;<em>please</em>&#160;be letting Plato clean!”</p>

      <p>“Standing orders still apply. No entering this room unless I call for you.”</p>

      <p>Plato made a whimpering sound.</p>

      <p>“But you&#160;<em>can</em>&#160;remove the empty bowls in&#160;<em>that</em>&#160;pile and the empty butterbeer bottles, only.”</p>

      <p>Plato nodded, physically picked up the plates and bottles, and walked to the door. “Master Lord Slytherin is to be remembering the time, Master. The Gray will not like to be kept waiting, and Light parents will also not be happy if they has to be coming to Grimmauld Place to pick Master up.”</p>

      <p>Slytherin nodded. “Yes, thank you, Plato.” He waited for the elf to leave, then made his way back through the spinning doors, past the as-yet non-functioning floo, out of the manor, and into the sunlight, the icy-blue water filling over half the horizon. He made his way past all the rapidly growing magical plants and trees, and down the hill to where the Granger’s country house had already gotten its foundation, and most of the ground floor. He pulled the rope by the door. A few minutes later Mister Granger opened it. The genial man held a steaming mug of tea, on which someone had printed the words, ‘I may not have magic, but I try harder.’</p>

      <p>“Fancy seeing the latest?” Mister Granger asked as he led Slytherin to their fully functional floo and indicated a door off to the right.</p>

      <p>Slytherin checked the time before replying, “Sure.”</p>

      <p>The steps behind the door went down a lot further than the ones in Slytherin Manor⁠—and that, despite the fact that Slytherin manor stood right on the top of the hill. Eventually they arrived in a vast cavern carved into the rock of the island, which led down to a body of water large enough to park two dozen large muggle vans.</p>

      <p>The white submarine van they’d used to get their stuff past the goblin-ministry check point sat towards the back of the cavern. “It’s done its job for the moment,” Mister Granger said. He then gestured around him. “What do you think?”</p>

      <p>There was a small jetty on the water. Runes covered the walls. Electric lighting hung from the roof like tinsel. Muggle machines were everywhere. There was a general hum of activity in the air. Emma Granger, wearing massive goggles, waved at them from behind a large, metal, lathe-like thing. “It’s a lot of stuff,” Slytherin said. “And you can make better versions now?” He nodded towards the submarine van.</p>

      <p>“Bloody well hope so. That thing felt like it was held together with duct-tape and dreams.” Mister Granger poured another cup of tea into a mug which bore the words, ‘Best Lord in the World.’</p>

      <p>“How far are we off a commercial version?” Slytherin’s eyes trailed over a broomstick on a nearby desk. It had a ring of smooth metal hovering around the shaft by the bristles.</p>

      <p>“Of the Submarine? We could have a prototype ready by Christmas.” He handed the cup to Slytherin, who took it and blew over the top.</p>

      <p>“Okay, let’s do that.” Slytherin tapped on the broomstick with his free hand.</p>

      <p>“<em>That</em>&#160;was delivered to us by Nimbus just the other day,” Mister Granger said, smiling a devilish smile. “It’s the first one to use our runic rings. Can’t wait to put it through a scanner to find out how it all works together.”</p>

      <p>Slytherin frowned under his mask. “You think it might be a good idea to find some way to stop people doing that? We don’t want our commercial secrets stolen the same way.”</p>

      <p>Mister Granger shrugged. “We’re pretty useless at new spell creation. We’re engineers, not wizards.”</p>

      <p>“Right, right, my job, then.”</p>

      <p>“Speaking of.” Emma Granger had wandered over. “It’s Hermione’s thirteenth birthday coming up. I know wizards and witches traditionally start courting then. How likely is it our daughter’s going to be receiving courting gifts?”</p>

      <p>Slytherin took a sip of the tea, the mask moulding itself around the mug like a second skin. “Top witch in her year⁠—vassaled to a most ancient and noble house⁠—single handedly faced down the most powerful wizard in the world in front of two thousand people⁠—troll slayer at age twelve⁠—well mannered⁠—cultured⁠—youngest healer trainee in British history. I’d say the answer is going to be yes, yes, yes, with bells on.”</p>

      <p>Emma sighed.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it. A declaration of intention gift is just that⁠—a declaration of intention. It means little by itself.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve no idea how grateful we are that we have you to back us up through all this,” said Daniel Granger.</p>

      <p>Slytherin took another sip. “We’ll see if you still feel that way after I’ve taken off this mask.”</p>

      <p>Emma raised an eyebrow. “You’re going to?”</p>

      <p>“Soon, I hope⁠—just for you two⁠—for the moment, anyway.” He put the mug of tea down and turned to leave.</p>

      <p>Emma smiled. “We look forward to it. We’re not going to run out on you, no matter how wacky your big secret is.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” said Dan, raising his voice as Slytherin made it almost to the cavern door. “I’ve got to build my space ship first!”</p>

      <p>Slytherin waved, and made his way back up the stairs, walked to the floo, lit the fire with a wandless incendio, took a bunch of powder from the mantle piece, threw it into the flames, and said, “Greengrass Manor.”</p>

      <p align="center">—DP&#160;&amp; SW: NRiCaD⁠—</p>

      <p>Of the 114 lords of the Wizengamot, twenty-nine belonged to the Gray faction. Of those twenty-nine, thirteen sat around the long table in the Greengrass Manor dining room. They included men like Lord Smith, clad in enchanted steel armour under his robes⁠—and Lord Tempest, whose light-blue robes seemed caught in a perpetual, light breeze. That the group numbered thirteen wasn’t of any magical significance, it was just coincidence⁠—one of their number had yet to arrive.</p>

      <p>At the head of the table sat Lord Jacob Greengrass. He had a thin pile of parchment in front of him. “…&#160;that is why we pushed the board into choosing&#160;<em>him</em>&#160;for the position of headmaster,” he said.</p>

      <p>The assembled wizards murmured among themselves.</p>

      <p>“The man does seem workable,” Lord Smith said. “Pliable⁠—pragmatic⁠—smart enough in his own way, but thankfully not smart enough to realise that stepping into a great man’s shoes in between three powerful factions is a terrible idea. And the Light can’t accuse us of marginalising them⁠ ⁠… but won’t it come back to bite us in the arse if he royally cocks it up?”</p>

      <p>“No, that won’t be a problem,” Jacob answered. “Slytherin persuaded Malfoy to make the official announcement.”</p>

      <p>There was a series of startled sounds and faces up and down the table.</p>

      <p>“How in Morgana’s name did he manage&#160;<em>that</em>?” Smith half-whispered.</p>

      <p>One of the room’s three doors clicked shut and all heads turned.</p>

      <p>“Lord Malfoy and I have come to a temporary understanding,” Slytherin said before making his way to the head of the table. Lord Greengrass stood up for him and moved one seat to the right.</p>

      <p>“How temporary?” asked Lord Ogden.</p>

      <p>Slytherin sat down firmly in the now vacant chair. “Until Malfoy disabuses himself of a misunderstanding he is currently under.”</p>

      <p>Several lords snorted, despite obviously not knowing what the misunderstanding was.</p>

      <p>Lord Davis smiled a knowing smile. “I’m surprised you didn’t use your leverage with the Potters to get&#160;<em>them</em>&#160;to do it.”</p>

      <p>“My leverage?”</p>

      <p>“Their younger twin son⁠—the insane duellist⁠—Harry, I believe his name is.”</p>

      <p>“I have no idea what you’re suggesting,” Slytherin said, mildly.</p>

      <p>“It’s such a shame he’s not the Potter heir,” Davis continued, apparently ignoring the other man’s words. “But it’s certainly fortunate for the boy that he seems to have such powerful friends.”</p>

      <p>Lord Lovegood’s mouth twitched upwards and Jacob coughed into his fist before saying, “My eldest daughter has sent me many owls about Harry. I’m sure even without being the Potter heir, he would be valuable to us.”</p>

      <p>Davis sniggered. “Oh, I’m sure.”</p>

      <p>There was a moment of silence in which the wizards up and down the table traded glances and Slytherin seemed to consider something before he spoke again. “I intend to invite Harry to the winter solstice gathering that I will soon be announcing. Hopefully, you will be able to meet him then.”</p>

      <p>Several of the seated lords perked up.</p>

      <p>“A party?”</p>

      <p>“At Slytherin Manor?”</p>

      <p>“Is it near completion then?”</p>

      <p>Slytherin nodded. “It will be ready before December, yes.”</p>

      <p>From there the group moved onto other things⁠—upcoming bills to the wizengamot, an invitation from Bodmin Moor Stadium to buy a private quidditch box, and Lord Ogden’s announcement that his grand daughter was now officially ‘off the market.’</p>

      <p>They were just wrapping up when Milly, one of the Greengrass house elves, popped into being beside Lord Slytherin, tugged at his sleeve, and whispered, “Lady Lily Potter is waiting to see you in the antechamber, Lord Slytherin, Sir.”</p>

      <p>Slytherin didn’t noticeably react this. He nodded, waited for the rest of the lords to file out of the main doors, walked over to the door to the anti-chamber, opened it, and, without fuss or fanfare, stepped inside.</p>

      <p>Lady Sunny Greengrass was sitting in an armchair, speaking to Lily Potter who was sat opposite. They both stood as he closed the door behind him.</p>

      <p>“Lord Slytherin,” Sunny said, walking towards him. “I present to you, Lady Lily Potter, of the Ancient and Noble house of Potter.”</p>

      <p>Slytherin nodded. “Charmed.”</p>

      <p>Sunny reached his side, gave his shoulder a gentle, reassuring squeeze, and left, leaving the two of them alone.</p>

      <p>Lily wore dark red silk and lace robes⁠—robes which certainly cost as much as the average muggleborn family might spend on food and rent combined, in a month of Christmas days. She waited awkwardly while Slytherin moved to a side table.</p>

      <p>“Drink, Lady Potter?”</p>

      <p>“No, thank you.”</p>

      <p>“As you wish.” Slytherin proceeded to pour himself an apple-juice from the brandy bottle. “What can I do for you?”</p>

      <p>“Professor McGonagall said all applicants for the potions position were to go to you. You’ve been out of contact all summer. She wasn’t too happy about that.”</p>

      <p>“That doesn’t surprise me.” Slytherin sipped from the apple-juice filled brandy glass. “Well, no one can doubt your potions skill. What of your primary school teaching? I doubt the lords of the Light will find a teacher as good as you for their children.”</p>

      <p>“I have found an adequate replacement.”</p>

      <p>“Merely adequate? What about your other commitments? I hear the committee for the approval of experimental charms is quite busy these days.”</p>

      <p>“I will be more than capable of giving all my different responsibilities the attention they require without biasing myself.”</p>

      <p>In an all too casual tone of voice, Slytherin asked, “Will you be capable of giving all the different&#160;<em>children</em>&#160;the attention they require without biasing yourself?”</p>

      <p>The temperature in the room dropped like a winter frost. Lily’s expression changed from professional indifference to icicle sharpness. “Yes.”</p>

      <p>“Are you&#160;<em>sure</em>?”</p>

      <p>“<em>Yes</em>.”</p>

      <p>“So, if I were to ask, say, a certain Slytherin second year at the end of the year⁠—”</p>

      <p>“⁠—You keep Harry out of this,” Lily hissed.</p>

      <p>“…&#160;Daphne Greengrass.”</p>

      <p>Lily frowned. “What?”</p>

      <p>“I was talking about Daphne Greengrass.”</p>

      <p>Lily stared at him for several seconds. “What is it you want with Harry?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t know why you think I have anything to do with Harry Potter.”</p>

      <p>“Harry is happy with us!”</p>

      <p>“If you say so.”</p>

      <p>“Harry needs to stay close to us!”</p>

      <p>“Why?”</p>

      <p>“He’s our son.”</p>

      <p>“Is that the&#160;<em>only</em>&#160;reason?”</p>

      <p>Lily hesitated one moment too long before replying, “Yes, of course.”</p>

      <p>Slytherin stared at her. He then put his glass down with a noticeable clink sound. “This has been a wonderful little discussion, Lady Potter, but I’m sure you’ve got potion lesson plans to be working on.”</p>

      <p>Lily looked nonplussed. “Sorry?” Her brain caught up to her ears. “You’re&#160;<em>accepting</em>&#160;my application?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I am. Please feel free to show yourself out.”</p>

      <p>Lily Potter stood still for only a moment longer before turning and heading for the door in a swish of elegant robe.</p>

      <p>“Lady Potter.”</p>

      <p>Lily turned back halfway through the door.</p>

      <p>“I personally know the pain of being abandoned,” Slytherin said, every word heavy and deliberate, “and I will tell you that such things do not heal without leaving scars.”</p>

      <p>Lily scowled before shutting the door behind her.</p>

      <p>Slytherin listened to the footsteps walking away. When they’d fully faded, he checked his watch, pulled out a vial of ageing potion antidote, and downed it in one gulp. His body started shrinking. He swigged the rest of the apple-juice to drown-out the taste of potion, and cast a half-dozen counter charms while his body settled in at around five foot one.</p>

      <p>A somewhat smaller hand reached up to the green and black mask. The hand grasped the mask. The mask pulled free to reveal a face, not yet thirteen, with eyes as green as the pair that had just left, and a lightning bolt shaped scar on his forehead. Harry Potter, the true boy who lived⁠—time traveller, master occlumens, and Azkaban inmate from a past future that he swore would never be⁠—stared at the closed door with a pensive expression, before nodding firmly, turning his back, and softly walking away.</p>

      <p>—End of Prologue⁠—</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>