<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-gb">
<head>
  <title>Preface</title>
  <link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
  <section data-parent="part-1" id="preface-1" epub:type="preface">
    <h2 epub:type="title">Preface</h2>

    <div class="group meta">
      <blockquote class="userstuff">
        <p><b>Welcome to Dodging Prison and Stealing Witches.</b></p>

        <p><b>Moral Tone:</b> Extremely grubby</p>

        <p><b>Sexual Tone:</b> This story adheres strictly to the M rating, which means that there are no explicit sex scenes (lemons), but there are prevalent sexual themes and scenes that, while not actually containing explicit sex, are certainly more than suggestive.</p>

        <p><b>Story Tone:</b> Enjoyable and ‘fuck yeah’ fun, with occasional dips into darkness and grittiness (but the darkness never lasts too long).</p>

        <p><b>Audio Book:</b></p>

        <p>This story now has a gradually catching up audio version, which can be found either through my profile page, or through my website, <a href="https://www.leadvone.com" rel="nofollow">www.leadvone.com</a>, which also contains links to fan-run projects such as omakes, the discord server, and the <em>dp</em>&amp;<em>sw</em> wiki.</p>

        <p>&#160;<b>The Gray Mailing List:</b></p>

        <p>Chapter release schedules, bonus material, and updates on my original fantasy projects are sent out on a regular basis to members of the Gray Mailing List, which can also be found at <a href="https://www.leadvone.com" rel="nofollow">leadvone.com</a>.</p>

        <p>&#160;<b>Translation Projects:</b></p>

        <p>Russian⁠—Helen Sergeeva⁠—<a href="https://fanfics.me/fic133819" rel="nofollow">fanfics.me/fic133819</a></p>

        <p>Russian⁠—Helen Sergeeva⁠—<a href="https://ficbook.net/readfic/7063671" rel="nofollow">ficbook.net/readfic/7063671</a></p>

        <p>A couple of people have expressed interest in working on translations of Dodging Prison and Stealing Witches.</p>

        <p>If you choose to join them, please publish your translations of <em>dp</em>&amp;<em>sw</em> under your own fanfic names, but give credit at the start of each chapter to the original fic (a link to my personal website would be preferred). I’ll link any translation project that completes any one of the <em>dp</em>&amp;<em>sw</em> books at the start of <em>dp</em>&amp;<em>sw</em> (until there are too many) and on my website, so long as the translation quality is at a ‘reasonable level’.</p>

        <p>If you’re seriously considering doing this, then you’re insane, but I wish you the best of luck! :)</p>

        <p>&#160;<b>A Note on Writing Quality:</b></p>

        <p>One of my fondest ambitions is to write fantasy books professionally, but to do that, you need to be good at writing⁠—damn good at writing. I use this fic as a tool to help me reach that level of quality. As such, you’ll see many places throughout the story where I’ve experimented with different story telling forms and tools. Generally, you can expect the writing quality to get better as the story unfolds, but if you consider yourself a sophisticated reader, you may well also see me doing things that cause you to slam your head up and down on the desk in frustration. These are experiments. I make no apologies for head related injuries.</p>

        <p>And now, please, pour yourself a relaxing drink, sit back, put your feet up, and enjoy.</p>
      </blockquote>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>